Sign in / Join Now
Market News
Stock Ideas
Dividends
Market Outlook
Investing Strategy
ETFs & Funds
Earnings
PRO
DOW	$64.44	0.76 (1.19%)	
4:00 PM 3/15/17
Dow Chemical Co.  |  NYSE
Post-Market:$64.440.00 (0.00%)4:27 PM
Get Alerts
55,835 followers
1D5D1M6M1Y5Y10YAdvanced Chart

52wk high:64.50
52wk low:47.51
EPS:3.13
PE (ttm):20.34
Div Rate (fwd):1.84
Yield (fwd):2.89%
Market Cap:$77.26B
Volume:4,421,525
LATESTANALYSISNEWSEARNINGSSTOCKTALKKEY DATAFINANCIALS
AllDividendsM&APress ReleasesOther News
Dow, DuPont upgraded at Jefferies, which sees 90% chance of deal closing
Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) and DuPont (NYSE:DD) are upgraded to Buy from Hold (I, II) at Jefferies with respective $75 and $96 price targets, citing improving chances of absolute returns, risk/reward and the likely closing of their merger.The firm sees a 90% chance of deal closure, which presents an opportunity for both companies to show how scale creates optionality; simply capitalizing targeted cost synergies implies 11%-17% potential upside for the combined company.Jefferies says the market is pricing in “only cautious enthusiasm” for the companies, and that if Dow-DuPont had kept up with market multiple expansion since right before the merger was announced, shares now would trade 7%-10% higher.
Mon, Mar. 6, 8:27 AM | 15 Comments
FT: Dow-DuPont, ChemChina-Syngenta deals may soon be approved
The pending mergers of Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) and DuPont (NYSE:DD) and of ChemChina and Syngenta (NYSE:SYT) are near European antitrust approval, Financial Times reports.The Dow-DuPont merger is on track for approval this month, according to the report, after the companies offered to sell some R&D capability, addressing the regulator’s concern that the combined company might launch fewer new crop protection products; the deal still requires regulatory approval in the U.S. and elsewhere.EU concerns on ChemChina’s deal relate to overlaps in the crop protection market, which it has feared would harm competition and lead to higher prices or less choice for farmers, but the companies have offered concessions and SYT says it has not received a statement of objections from the regulator; clearance also is pending in the U.S. and China, among other markets.A third ag deal, Bayer's purchase of Monsanto, will start its European approval process before the summer.
Fri, Mar. 3, 7:55 AM | 21 Comments
Bloomberg: Dow-DuPont deal close to winning EU approval
Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) and DuPont (NYSE:DD) are on track to win European Union approval for their merger as soon as next month - before an April 4 deadline - after tweaking concessions to allay antitrust concerns, Bloomberg reports.Regulators do not see need for more feedback from rivals and customers, and they plan to consult the EU’s lawyers and policymakers on final approval for the deal, according to the report.The companies have offered to sell DuPont's pesticide assets to gain the EU’s approval for the deal.
Wed, Feb. 22, 7:40 AM | 29 Comments
Dow Chemical declares $0.46 dividend
Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) declares $0.46/share quarterly dividend, in line with previous.Forward yield 3.08%Payable April 28; for shareholders of record March 31; ex-div March 29.
Thu, Feb. 9, 8:56 AM | 5 Comments
Dow, DuPont offer to sell businesses to win EU approval for merger
Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) and DuPont (NYSE:DD) are offering to sell businesses to ease European Union concerns that their planned merger may lead to higher prices for farmers and fewer new herbicides and pesticides in the future.As part of a remedy package submitted to the EU, the companies would dispose part of DD's crop protection business and associated R&D, as well as Dow’s acid copolymers and ionomers business, a Dow spokesperson says.The companies now expect the merger to close in H1 this year, with the intended spinoffs to take place ~18 months later.The deadline for the European Commission's decision is extended to April 4 from March 14. Wed, Feb. 8, 7:42 AM | 18 Comments
Big exporters form coalition to support Republican border tax
Leading U.S. exporters launch a coalition in support of a House Republican plan for a "border adjustment" tax on all imports.The "American Made Coalition" includes more than 25 U.S. companies, including General Electric (NYSE:GE), Boeing (NYSE:BA), Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW), Eli Lilly (NYSE:LLY), Pfizer (NYSE:PFE) and Oracle (NASDAQ:ORCL)."American workers and businesses are not competing today on a level playing field with foreign competitors because of an outdated and unfair tax system," says a spokesperson for the group.The group's launch underscores a division in corporate America over the proposal that would cut corporate income tax to 20% from 35%, exclude export revenue from taxable income and impose a 20% tax on imports.Retailers, oil refiners and foreign automakers have been lobbying against any big tax on imports, which they say would hurt their sales and profits and put them at a disadvantage to rivals more reliant on U.S.-made products. Thu, Feb. 2, 5:35 PM | 101 Comments
Dow Chemical to sell ethylene acrylic acid unit to Korean firm for $370M
Dow Chemical (DOW -0.5%) agrees to sell its ethylene acrylic acid copolymers and ionomers business to South Korea's SK Global Chemical for $370M.The acquisition includes Dow's ethylene acrylic acid business in the U.S. and Spain; ethylene acrylic acid is used primarily as an adhesive for wrapping products such as aluminum foil.Dow says the sale is part of the regulatory process for its merger with DuPont (DD -0.3%), and that the sale is conditioned on successfully closing the merger. Thu, Feb. 2, 1:57 PM | 3 Comments
Praxair opens hydrogen capture project at Dow Chemical’s Freeport ops
Praxair (PX -0.5%) says it has launched operations at its new hydrogen recovery and processing plant to capture emissions from Dow Chemical’s (DOW +0.4%) Freeport, Tex., campus and convert the byproduct into high-purity hydrogen used to make chemicals and plastics.PX plans to link up the facility by June at the earliest with Dow’s nearly completed ethane cracker to manufacture 1.5M tons/year of ethylene, which is the primary building of most plastics; PX says it plant would prevent 300K tons/year of carbon emissions from the new cracker.PX also signs a long-term contract with Dow to supply nitrogen to the company for use in its chemical production facility beginning in 2019. Wed, Feb. 1, 12:47 PM | 12 Comments
Value stocks to outperform - Tom Lee
Value stocks are better levered to tax reform, deregulation, and boosted government spending, says Fundstrat's Thomas Lee.Mean reversion is also at work, with value underperformance vs. growth having hit a 20-year extreme late in 2015.His 27 value ideas: ADSK, CSCO, FLIR, EBAY, INTC, ORCL, SYMC, DOW, CF, MON, APD, PX, IFF, CVX, SLB, APA, PSX, BLK, TROW, AXP, JPM, NDAQ, GS, MS, CB, MTB, TBroad large-cap value ETFs: VTV, SCHV, PWV, EZY, IWX, JKF, SYV, ROUS
Fri, Jan. 27, 10:53 AM | 67 Comments
Dow Chemical rises after routing Q4 estimates; plastics sales rose 4% Y/Y
Dow Chemical (DOW +1.8%) opens higher after easily beating Q4 earnings expectations, and CEO Andrew Liveris expresses confidence that its merger deal with DuPont would close successfully.Excluding a one-time $1.1B charge to account for legal costs associated with defending against future asbestos claims, Dow's Q4 operating profit rose 6.5% in the quarter to $0.99/share, well above Wall Street consensus.Q4 net sales, including the move to take full control of its Dow Corning venture, rose to $13.02B from $11.46B in the year-ago quarter, also beating estimates.Dow says its Q4 sales in plastics, the company's largest segment, rose 4% Y/Y to $4.8B, sales in the infrastructure solutions segment jumped 41% to $2.4B, and performance material and chemical sales edged 1% higher to $2.4B.Dow says it expects Q1 revenue of $12.25B-$13.25B, with modest improvement in agricultural sciences in H1 2017 vs. the year-ago period.Earlier this week, Dow and DuPont won a 10-day extension in their bid to satisfy European Union concerns that their merger would hurt innovation, particularly the development of crop pesticides. Thu, Jan. 26, 10:13 AM
Dow Chemical beats by $0.11, beats on revenue
Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW): Q4 EPS of $0.99 beats by $0.11.Revenue of $13.02B (+13.6% Y/Y) beats by $640M.Press Release
Thu, Jan. 26, 6:46 AM | 5 Comments
Notable earnings before Thursday’s open
ABMD, ADS, AEP, AIT, AVT, BC, BHI, BIIB, BMS, BMY, BX, CAT, CCMP, CELG, CLFD, CMCO, CMCSA, CRR, CUBI, DGX, DLX, DOV, DOW, DST, ERIC, F, FBP, FCAU, HGG, HP, ISCA, IVZ, JBLU, LANC, LEA, LLL, LUV, MJN, NOC, ORI, OSK, PHM, POT, PX, RCI, RCL, RDN, RTN, SHW, SPB], STM, SWK, SXC, SXCP, TROW, WCC, WHR, WRLD Wed, Jan. 25, 5:30 PM | 21 Comments
DuPont +5% as CEO says concerns over crop innovation can be addressed
DuPont (DD +4.8%) powers higher following its Q4 earnings beat, as company execs boost investor confidence that the merger with Dow Chemical (DOW +4.1%) will be approved.DuPont CEO Ed Breen said in today's earnings conference call that antitrust regulators are mostly concerned that the merger could hurt innovation in crop protection chemicals, concerns the company believes it can address.The disclosure that antitrust concerns are focused on pesticides is positive for the merger, Bernstein's Jonas Oxgaard says, since selling crop protection assets is “significantly easier” than seeds because there are more potential buyers, including FMC, Syngenta and BASF.
Tue, Jan. 24, 2:28 PM | 1 Comment
DuPont posts earnings beat, positive outlook
Adjusted earnings of $451M, or $0.51 per share vs. $239M, or $0.27 per share in the same quarter a year ago.Q4 revenues fell 1.7% to $5.2B, as sliding crop prices continued to weigh on its agricultural business.The company now expects the closing date of its merger with Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) in the first half of the year, instead of the first three months of 2017. "We are continuing to have constructive discussions with regulators in key jurisdictions," CEO Ed Breen declared.Guidance for Q1 of 2017: Adjusted earnings are expected to increase about 8% vs. the prior year, driven by benefits from cost savings and the change in timing for seed deliveries.Conference call at 8:00 a.m. ETDD +0.9% premarketPreviously: E. I. du Pont de Nemours beats by $0.09, misses on revenue (Jan. 24 2017)
Tue, Jan. 24, 7:39 AM
Dow, DuPont buy more time for EU concessions
Still trying to get their merger approved, Dow Chemical (DOW +0.1%) and DuPont (DD +0.1%) have been granted more time to fine-tune their EU concessions, Bloomberg reports.Previously: Dow-DuPont probe hinges on innovation concerns (Jan. 17 2017)
Mon, Jan. 23, 9:43 AM | 2 Comments
Top CEOs talk manufacturing jobs at White House meeting
Tesla Motors (NASDAQ:TSLA) CEO Elon Musk, Under Armour's (UAA, UA) Kevin Plank, Ford's (NYSE:F) Mark Fields and Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) chief Andrew Liveris are among the heavyweight executives in the West Wing this morning to talk U.S. manufacturing.A specific agenda hasn't been set for the meeting, although new trade policies and the U.S. manufacturing base are sure to be discussed.Previously: Trump blazes ahead with NAFTA and TPP renegotiations (Jan. 23) Mon, Jan. 23, 9:06 AM | 187 Comments
Dow-DuPont probe hinges on innovation concerns
New agricultural technologies to boost yields are at the center of European antitrust authorities’ probe into Dow Chemical's (NYSE:DOW) merger with DuPont (NYSE:DD).Regulators have zeroed in on innovation competition as a concern the companies need to address before winning approval for their planned merger, WSJ reports.While the companies are making progress toward remedies, the European Commission has until the end of February to rule on the merger.
Tue, Jan. 17, 8:55 AM | 7 Comments
PPG, Axalta cut at Citi on more defensive outlook for chemical/ag sector
PPG Industries (PPG +0.8%) and Axalta (AXTA -0.2%) see only modest share movement after Citi downgrades shares of the chemical companies to Neutral from Buy, saying it is turning more defensive on the chemicals/ag sector after the 2016 rally.PPG and AXTA are unlikely to outperform this year, the firm says, given a more difficult 2017 outlook on slower growth in some end markets and higher raw material costs.Citi analysts see Dow Chemical (DOW +0.7%), DuPont (DD +0.6%), Ecolab (ECL) and Albemarle (ALB -0.2%) as top picks, with Celanese (CE -0.7%) and Huntsman (HUN +0.5%) as top M&A candidates for 2017.
Mon, Jan. 9, 3:45 PM
EU's Vestager says pending EU review of Dow-DuPont merger "still very open"
Dow Chemical (DOW +1.2%) and DuPont (DD +1.4%) face a “still very open” outcome from a European Union antitrust review of their merger, EU Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager tells Bloomberg.The EU is concerned that the agrochemical industry is already “a very concentrated sector” and that farmers need to have a choice of seeds and crop-protection products, Vestager says.The companies defended themselves against EU objections at a closed-door hearing in Brussels today.The regulators also are examining China’s bid for Syngenta (SYT +1.2%), which Vestager says is a "very different deal" that also shows the importance of research to develop new products. Mon, Jan. 9, 12:58 PM | 2 Comments
Supreme Court rejects Dow Chemical over $1B tax deduction claim
The U.S. Supreme Court dismisses Dow Chemical's (DOW +2.1%) attempt to revive its claim to $1B-plus in tax deductions based on partnerships the company formed that lower courts said were created primarily to avoid tax liability.The Court left in place two rulings by the Fifth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in favor of the U.S. government over the two partnerships that ran during 1993-2003, agreeing with the IRS that Dow did not deserve the tax benefits, and also imposed a 20% penalty for negligence and understatement of taxes. Mon, Jan. 9, 10:11 AM | 1 Comment
Dow, DuPont to make merger case next week to EU regulators
Dow Chemical (DOW -0.8%) and DuPont (DD -0.6%) will meet European Union antitrust regulators at a closed-door hearing next week to make the final case for their planned merger, Bloomberg reports.The companies will attempt to ease EU concerns at the Jan. 9 hearing that any cost cuts resulting from their merger might hurt R&D spending for agrochemicals, and have been talking to regulators in recent weeks to better understand the issues, according to the report.Dow and DuPont said in a presentation last month that they planned to cut ~$300M from research as part of an attempt to achieve $3B in cost synergies as they merge.The hearing is the last opportunity for the pair to make their case before regulators decide whether to approve or block the deal.
Fri, Jan. 6, 1:03 PM | 3 Comments
Refiners face labor shortage as they set long-deferred maintenance
U.S. refiners are competing for labor in a shortage that could slow much-needed repairs and drive up their costs.With margins high, many refiners have delayed routine work over the past couple of years to run flat out, but now pipe fitters and ironworkers are in short supply amid a glut of billion-dollar projects, including liquefied natural gas export terminals from Cheniere (NYSEMKT:LNG) and a new petrochemical unit for Dow (NYSE:DOW).U.S. refiners are expecting to spend $1.26B on planned maintenance next year, a 38% increase and the highest level since at least 2010, according to IIR -- but IIR also expects the Gulf Coast region to be short about 37,400 craftsmen needed to complete all the planned projects.Related tickers: CVI, CVRR, PBF, HFC, DK, VLO, WNR, TSO, MPC, PSX Dec. 29, 2016, 1:20 PM | 49 Comments
Dow Chemical to convert $4B of preferred stock held by Berkshire, Kuwait
Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) will exercise its right to convert all Series A preferred stock into shares of common stock, and the company expects to complete the conversions over the next week or so, WSJ reports.A rally in its shares triggered a clause allowing Dow to convert the shares, enabling the company to start keeping $255M it has been sending to Berkshire Hathaway (BRK.A, BRK.B) every year and another $85M owed to Kuwait’s sovereign wealth fund, which owns $1B worth of shares.Dow would have to pay out ~$180M/year in ordinary dividends on the common stock, but investors have been awaiting the conversion since the move is expected to free up capital for other uses. Dec. 15, 2016, 4:48 PM | 8 Comments
Dow Chemical declares $0.46 dividend
Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) declares $0.46/share quarterly dividend, in line with previous.Forward yield 3.15%Payable Jan. 30; for shareholders of record Dec. 28; ex-div Dec. 23.
Dec. 15, 2016, 4:40 PM | 7 Comments
Dow Chemical a 2017 top pick, Celanese upgraded, at RBC
Dow Chemical (DOW -0.1%) is RBC's top pick for 2017 among chemicals companies because of its strong growth and improving free cash flow profile, as the firm also upgrades Celanese (CE +0.2%) to Outperform from Sector Perform with a $100 price target.RBC believes CE's EPS growth targets are attainable and underlying strength in the key downstream business can persist; the firm says accretion from M&A, a robust pipeline, low leverage and strong cash flow generation put CE in a prime position to deliver on growth promises, reward shareholders and drive the stock higher.However, RBC downgrades PPG Industries (PPG -1.5%) to Sector Perform from Outperform with a $101 price target, seeing PPG's performance as significantly macro-dependent, and Bemis (BMS -0.6%) to Underperform from Sector Perform with a $46 target, as the most at-risk name in the firm's packaging coverage to the "freshness trend."
Dec. 13, 2016, 2:58 PM | 11 Comments
Dow Chemical CEO to head Trump council, pledges new Michigan R&D center
Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) CEO Andrew Liveris is named by Pres.-elect Trump to head the Manufacturing Council, a private sector group that advises the U.S. secretary of commerce.Liveris, introduced by Trump at a campaign-style rally in Grand Rapids, Mich., also announces plans for a new R&D center in Michigan that will include 200 jobs, 100 of which will be newly created and 100 to be “repatriated” from other Dow facilities around the world.“We believe the incoming Presidential administration understands the importance of R&D investment and its multiplier impact on U.S. manufacturing jobs," Liveris says. Dec. 9, 2016, 11:47 PM | 15 Comments
Despite rhetoric, DuPont CEO Breen says Trump unlikely to impact Dow deal
DuPont (NYSE:DD) CEO Ed Breen tells Reuters that the incoming Trump administration likely will not impact his company's planned merger with Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW).While Trump was critical of other large mergers, including AT&T's planned purchase of Time Warner, during the presidential campaign, Breen says the merger review is "very far down the road" and notes that many Justice Department officials active in the process are career employees.On potential divestitures that might be required to complete the merger, Breen expects "some remedies on the agriculture side, and that's predominantly it."
Dec. 8, 2016, 6:18 PM | 8 Comments
Bloomberg: Dow, DuPont expect EU formal statement of merger objections
Dow Chemical (DOW -1.5%) and DuPont (DD -1.6%) expect to receive formal objections to their $60B merger from European Union regulators as soon as next month, Bloomberg reports.The European Commission in Brussels is poised to send the complaint in December, and could describe how the merger could reduce competition in areas such as crop protection, seeds and certain petrochemicals, according to the report.Institute for Statecraft analyst Alan Riley believes the merger is in much more trouble than ChemChina's prospective deal to buy Syngenta, as "they are both funding R&D in the same fields, so there is a real issue of innovation loss from the deal" that might be difficult to eliminate with guarantees to regulators promising good behavior. Nov. 15, 2016, 1:12 PM | 8 Comments
Reuters: U.S. state AGs join Dow-DuPont merger probe
U.S. state attorneys general have joined a federal antitrust probe of the planned merger between Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) and DuPont (NYSE:DD), adding a new risk to the deal's completion, Reuters reports.About seven states, including California, have joined the probe of Dow's planned merger with DuPont, according to the report, which adds that some of the state AGs would join an investigation of the proposed merger of Monsanto (NYSE:MON) and Bayer (OTCPK:BAYRY).The states are said to be concerned that the companies may raise pesticide and herbicide prices for farmers following a merger, and have less incentive to compete to introduce better and cheaper products.
Nov. 7, 2016, 5:21 PM | 11 Comments
Dow-DuPont merger review deadline again suspended by EU
Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) and DuPont (NYSE:DD) face further delays to their merger plans after the European Union antitrust regulator again suspends its review of the deal, demanding more information.The European Commission says the companies again have not provided important information requested of them; the regulator was forced twice before to pause the review for the same reason.A Dow spokesperson says the companies always have expected a "thorough review' from the regulator, adding that the deal is expected to close in Q1 2017.
Nov. 4, 2016, 8:34 AM | 12 Comments
EPA proposes expanded use of new Dow Chemical herbicide
The EPA proposes increasing from 15 to 34 the number of states allowed to use a new version of the popular Enlist Duo weed killer on genetically modified crops despite its earlier concerns.The agency had cited information from manufacturer Dow AgroSciences (DOW, DD) that indicated Enlist probably was more toxic to other plants than previously thought, but it now says its review showed Enlist "does not show any increased toxicity to plants and is therefore not of concern."The proposal angers environmentalists; the senior attorney with the Center for Food Safety accuses the EPA of "capitulation to the agrichemical industry."
Nov. 3, 2016, 4:55 PM | 3 Comments
Concerns Down Under about DuPont-Dow merger
Australia's corporate watchdog is concerned about the effects a proposed $130B merger between DuPont (NYSE:DD) and Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) may "have on "competition for... insecticides, seeds, and materials science products."A final decision by the ACCC will be made on Feb. 2. The tie-up is also being scrutinized by regulators world over, with EU antitrust officials expected to decide on the deal by Feb. 6.
Nov. 3, 2016, 1:35 AM | 7 Comments
Dow Chemical higher following Q3 earnings and revenue beat
Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) +1.2% premarket as Q3 earnings marked the company's 12th straight quarter of beating analyst estimates.Dow's Q3 sales rose 3.7% Y/Y to $12.48B, also topping analyst expectations, as agriculture sales climbed 5.8% to $1.24B on volume and pricing; YTD sales in the segment are 6.7% lower than in 2015.Q3 sales in plastics, Dow's largest segment, rose 0.8% to $4.7B, while performance materials and chemicals sales fell to $2.38B, a 25% drop primarily reflected in the divestiture of its chlorine products business.Dow's operating margin expanded by 25 bps to 20% on an EBITDA basis.CEO Andrew Liveris offers a rosy outlook on Dow's business environment, seeing "steady growth in North America and Europe continuing."Dow and DuPont said earlier in the week that their planned merger, originally scheduled to be completed by year-end, would now likely close in Q1 2017.
Oct. 27, 2016, 8:58 AM | 5 Comments
Dow Chemical beats by $0.12, beats on revenue
Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW): Q3 EPS of $0.91 beats by $0.12.Revenue of $12.48B (+3.7% Y/Y) beats by $440M.Press Release
Oct. 27, 2016, 6:48 AM | 1 Comment
Notable earnings before Thursday’s open
ABB, ABMD, ACOR, AET, ALLE, ALV, ALXN, AMT, APD, ASPS, AUO, AVT, AXTA, BBW, BC, BCOR, BGCP, BMS, BMY, BWA, BX, CBG, CCMP, CELG, CFX, CHH, CL, CLF, CMC, CME, CMS, COLB, COP, COR, CRI, CRR, CRS, CVE, CVI, CVRR, CWT, CYS, DFT, DLX, DOW, DPS, EME, EPD, EQGP, EQM, EQT, EXLS, F, FCFS, FCN, FMS, GCI, GLOP, GNC, GOV, GTLS, HCA, HEES, I, IDA, IDCC, IP, IPGP, IRDM, IVZ, LANC, LAZ, LKQ, LLL, MD, MDP, MDXG, MHO, MJN, MO, MPC, MPLX, MSCI, MTH, MTRN, NEWM, NMR, NOK, NOV, NTCT, ODFL, ORI, PATK, PENN, PF, PJC, POT, PRLB, PTEN, PX, QSII, RDN, RGS, ROCK, RTN, SCG, SEE, SFE, SILC, SIRI, SMP, SQNS, SRPT, STM, SUP, SWK, TCK, TDC, TFX, THRM, TKR, TMO, TPH, TPX, TREE, TROW, TUES, TWTR, TZOO, UAN, UFS, UPS, UTHR, VC, VLP, WCC, WEX, WST, WWE, XEL, XRS, YNDX Oct. 26, 2016, 5:30 PM | 44 Comments
DuPont-Dow merger may be pushed back to February, Liveris says
Dow Chemical (DOW -0.2%) CEO Andrew Liveris says the merger with DuPont (DD -0.6%) may be delayed until February from a planned closing late this year.Agriculture is the greatest concern of European regulators, Liveris tells Bloomberg: “One of the strongest lobbies in the world out there is the farm lobby, and in Europe, the agricultural sector is very, very critical to them, somewhat protected."The European Commission recently delayed its decision deadline until Feb. 6 as it sought additional information about the merger, but Liveris says the value created by the deal is "worth a few months of delay."The CEO does not say whether the companies planned to sell assets to help win approval, although reports have indicated that Dow is seeking a buyer for its copolymers business and DuPont is planning to sell a herbicides business to ease regulators’ concerns.In its Q3 earnings report, DuPont CEO Ed Breen said he expects the merger to close sometime during Q1 2017. Oct. 25, 2016, 10:45 AM | 7 Comments
DuPont ups full-year earnings outlook ahead of Dow merger
DuPont (NYSE:DD) +0.8% premarket after reporting better than expected Q3 earnings and revenues, and raises its FY 2016 earnings guidance.DD says it now sees full-year EPS coming in at $3.25, compared with its prior guidance range of $3.15-$3.20 and analyst consensus estimate of $3.20.Q3 total sales rose 1% Y/Y to $4.92B, agriculture sales rose 2% to $1.12B, and sales from performance materials also increased 2% to $1.33B; both segments were helped by 4% higher volume.Savings from DD's cost cutting plan helped boost pretax profit margin in the company’s six business segments by 3.5 percentage points, with gains realized in each one.On the planned merger with Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW), CEO Ed Breen says "in the event that [EU] regulators in those jurisdictions use their full allotted time, closing would be expected to occur in the first quarter of 2017." Oct. 25, 2016, 8:24 AM
Buy DuPont as Dow combination to create strong growth, Nomura says
DuPont (DD +0.4%) is initiated with a Buy rating and $78 price target at Nomura, which expects strong earnings potential from the proposed combination with Dow Chemical (DOW +0.6%).Nomura expects the DuPont-Dow merger to generate above-trend growth in earnings and free cash flow for the next three years, which it considers "exceptional in a macro environment where growth is scarce."DuPont management’s integration plan through 2019, which centers on aggressive cost cuts and assets spinoffs and sales, makes the shares especially compelling, the firm says, estimating the moves should result in equity value compounding at 16% annually during 2017-19. Oct. 19, 2016, 1:56 PM | 13 Comments
BASF faces prolonged shutdown after fatal explosion at key chemical site
BASF (OTCQX:BASFY) faces a prolonged shutdown of production units at its chemical plant complex and headquarters in Ludwigshafen, Germany, where yesterday's explosion and fire killed two employees and injured dozens.BASF says two steam crackers at the plant remain halted and another 20 facilities are either stopped or only partially working.Analysts say some production units could be down for months as investigations by the company and government agencies take place, possibly tightening European ethylene markets in 2017, which could benefit Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) and LyondellBasell Industries (NYSE:LYB).Baader Bank analyst Markus Mayer says the closing of the two steam crackers mostly will impact BASF's basic chemicals division, which makes up ~21% of sales and 30% of EBITDA; he analyst estimates that 6% of annual earnings could be directly impacted by the fire, with as much as 3% of EBITDA at risk because the shutdown may last more than a quarter.
Oct. 18, 2016, 8:27 AM | 1 Comment
Dow Chemical upgraded to Buy at UBS
Dow Chemical (DOW +0.8%) is upgraded to Buy from Neutral with a $62 price target, raised from $53, at UBS, which believes the merger with DuPont (DD +0.6%) could gain regulatory approval and that the stock is now too cheap to ignore.The firm already factors in $3B in potential cost savings from the deal but now substantially raises its free cash flow estimates in the materials to reflect ~20% decline in capex from pro forma 2016-18.UBS also revisits its sum-of-the-parts estimate based on the valuation of each spinoff company likely to come out of the combined new company to reflect a more comprehensive peer set, which it uses to benchmark vs. the S&P 500. Oct. 10, 2016, 2:31 PM | 22 Comments
Dow Chemical, DuPont upgraded to Buy at Citi as "the stock to own in 2017"
Dow Chemical (DOW +1.6%) and DuPont (DD +1.8%) are both upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Citigroup, which calls the combined company "the stock to own in 2017" if their merger deal is completed.Citi cites the companies' "massive" cost-cutting opportunity after the merger goes through as well as the potential for upside to the stated $3B synergy target; from the split-up lean and agile companies, the firm expects an incremental $1B synergy above the companies' target, adding $0.30/share to proforma combined earnings.The firm raises its price target on Dow to $59 from $55 and on DD to $76 from $72. Oct. 3, 2016, 2:18 PM | 17 Comments
EU resumes probe into Dow-DuPont merger, will rule by February 6
The European Commission have resumed their investigation into the $130B merger of Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) and DuPont (NYSE:DD) after the companies provided key data, and will decide by Feb. 6 whether to approve the deal, Reuters reports.The EU antitrust regulator opened a full investigation into the case in August, concerned that the deal could reduce competition in crop protection, seeds and certain petrochemicals. Oct. 3, 2016, 8:14 AM | 12 Comments
Bloomberg: Dow Chemical’s Kuwait venture planning up to $3B bond
The petrochemical joint venture between Dow Chemical (DOW +0.7%) and Kuwait's state-owned Equate Petrochemical has hired banks for a potential bond issue of as much as $3B, Bloomberg reports.Lenders including HSBC Holdings, NBK Capital, JPMorgan Chase and Citigroup are arranging the sale of dollar-denominated securities, according to the report.Equate raised $5B via a loan in June and last year borrowed a $6B bridge loan to acquire MEGlobal from Dow.
Sep. 27, 2016, 2:28 PM | 1 Comment
Bayer-Monsanto tie-up pilloried in Germany, U.S.
German lawmakers lashed out in skepticism today at Bayer's (OTCPK:BAYRY -0.9%) planned takeover of Monsanto (MON +1.1%) in a meeting of parliament that highlighted the backlash Bayer faces in its home market against buying a company that many Germans see as a champion of genetically modified crops.Eight of the 12 lawmakers who spoke, including three members from within Chancellor Merkel’s coalition, criticized the deal; the lawmakers have no legislative authority to stop the deal, but some are calling on regulators to do so.The deal also drew scrutiny at the U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee yesterday, where Sen. Grassley said the deal was part of a "tsunami of consolidation" that could reduce choice and raise the price of chemicals and seed for farmers, which ultimately would affect choice and costs for consumers.Company execs - including some from DuPont (DD +0.4%), Dow Chemical (DOW -0.1%) and Syngenta (SYT +0.2%) - sought to allay concerns and reassure lawmakers that they would keep licensing new types of seeds to smaller companies. Sep. 21, 2016, 2:54 PM | 30 Comments
A check of Cooperman's top holdings after SEC charges
The SEC just charged Leon Cooperman with insider trading over Atlas Pipeline Partners, and Omega holdings such as Alitsource Portofolio, Navient, Aercap, and Tribune Media have knee-jerked sharply lower.A check of other top Omega holdings: First Data (FDC -1.3%), Allergan (AGN -0.9%), AIG (AIG +0.4%), Walgreens (WBA -0.6%), Dow Chemical (DOW), United Continental (UAL -0.7%), Ashland (ASH +0.3%), Chimera Investment (CIM -0.4%), Motorola (MSI +0.1%), HRG Group (HRG -1%), Microsoft (MSFT +1%), E*Trade (ETFC), New Residential (NRZ -1%), OneMain Holdings (OMF -2.3%), PVH (PVH +0.4%), UnitedHealth (UNH +0.7%), MGM Resorts (MGM -0.5%), New Media (NEWM -1.9%), Dish Network (DISH +0.5%), Synchrony Financial (SYF +1%), Eastman Chemical (EMN +0.3%).Previously: Cooperman holdings head south after insider trading charge (Sept. 21)Previously: Leon Cooperman charged with insider trading (Sept. 21) Sep. 21, 2016, 11:20 AM | 45 Comments
EU demands missing info for Dow-Dupont deal
The European Commission has halted its scrutiny of Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) and DuPont's (NYSE:DD) proposed merger while the companies provide more information regarding their $130B deal.Once the data is received, the antitrust enforcer will set a new deadline for its investigation.The two companies, which aim to close the deal in early 2017, had previously offered concessions which regulators said were insufficient. Sep. 9, 2016, 7:36 AM | 18 Comments
Dow Chemical declares $0.46 dividend
Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) declares $0.46/share quarterly dividend, in line with previous.Forward yield 3.41%Payable Oct. 28; for shareholders of record Sept. 30; ex-div Sept. 28. Sep. 8, 2016, 8:04 AM
Yale prof: Dow Chemical stock being manipulated in Buffett's favor
The issue, according to analysis by Yale's Yair Listokin, is that the stock rarely seems to ever close above $53.72 - just seven times since April 2014 despite a range from the low-$40s to low-$50s. This compares to more than 50 closes at just below $53.72, and a full 91 closes from $52.71-$53.71.Why is this important? Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) has the option to buy back $3B worth of preferred shares from Berkshire Hathaway (BRK.A, BRK.B) only if the stock closes above $53.72 enough times. Some executives at Dow believe a short seller keeps knocking it back, and they've got fuel for that argument from Listokin.“The probability that this would happen by chance is essentially zero ... [it's] pretty clear evidence of manipulation," he says. Aug. 31, 2016, 4:56 PM | 86 Comments
Foreign seed firms unite in opposition to new India GM crop rules
Major international seed companies Monsanto (NYSE:MON), Bayer (OTCPK:BAYRY), Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW), DuPont (NYSE:DD) and Syngenta (NYSE:SYT) form an alliance to oppose the Indian government's proposal that would force them to share their genetically modified crop technology with local players.A Bayer exec says no one would invest in research if the proposed introduction of compulsory licensing - which would force a company to share its intellectual property upon government request - is implemented.The show of solidarity comes after MON, which pioneered the use of GM cotton in India, withdrew an application for its next-generation product from the approvals process on concerns over the security of its intellectual property. Aug. 26, 2016, 9:42 AM | 25 Comments
Buffett could lose big dividend payout on his Dow Chemical stock
The stock market's recent rise has boosted holdings in Berkshire Hathaway’s (BRK.A, BRK.B) portfolio, but the rally in Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) has put that company's $255M in annual dividend payments to BRK at risk, Dow Jones reports.Since BRK lent Dow $3B in 2009 to help finance an acquisition, Dow has been on the hook for paying an 8.5% annual dividend on 3M preferred shares, but the deal has an escape hatch: If Dow's shares exceed $53.72 for at least 20 trading days in a 30-day period, Dow can convert BRK's preferred shares into common shares, which do not pay out special dividends.Dow's failure to stay above the $53.72 for long - despite improved earnings and margins, cost cuts, asset sales, an activist shareholder who shook up the board, and a potential merger with DuPont - has fueled speculation that BRK or Warren Buffett are shorting Dow to pressure the stock and avoid triggering the conversion.Although short interest in Dow is down for the year and dropped to $600M at the end of July, short sellers have increased their positions by nearly $100M in August, according to financial analytics firm S3 Partners. Aug. 24, 2016, 6:56 PM | 40 Comments
Senate Judiciary Committee to hold hearing on ag chemical merger deals
The U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee announces plans to hold a hearing in late September to discuss the mergers of Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) and DuPont (NYSE:DD) as well as ChemChina's purchase of Syngenta (NYSE:SYT).Committee chair Sen. Grassley of Iowa has expressed concern that the deals would result in farmers paying more for seeds, pesticides and herbicides and reduce the companies' incentives to innovate.The committee has no formal say over whether the deals may go forward; the Justice Department is reviewing the Dow-DuPont merger, while the FTC is looking at ChemChina's purchase of Syngenta. Aug. 23, 2016, 5:56 PM | 28 Comments
Dow-DuPont merger to face in-depth EU competition investigation
European antitrust regulators open an in-depth investigation into the proposed merger of Dow Chemical (DOW -0.2%) and DuPont (DD +0.1%), saying the deal may reduce competition in crop protection, seeds and some petrochemicals, as well as stifle innovation.Commitments submitted by the companies last month to address some of the EU regulator’s concerns were “insufficient to clearly dismiss its serious doubts as to the transaction’s compatibility” with EU merger rules, the European Commission says.In a joint statement, Dow and DuPont say they expected a thorough review and are working with relevant regulators, while continuing to believe that the merger is good for customers and consumers. Aug. 11, 2016, 10:32 AM | 15 Comments
Corporate sponsors of Rio Olympics
The Rio 2016 Olympics are shaping up to be key event in the sponsorship calendar with brands battling it out for a slice of the sporting pie.Among the partners, sponsors and supporters: KO, DOW, GE, MCD, PG, V, CSCO The U.S. has taken an early lead in the medal tallies boosted by strong results from swimmers Michael Phelps and Katie Ledecky. Aug. 8, 2016, 5:52 AM | 1 Comment
Dow Chemical upgraded at J.P. Morgan after downgrade last month
Dow Chemical (DOW -0.1%) is upgraded to Overweight from Neutral with a $60 price target, raised from $40, at J.P. Morgan, which had downgraded the stock just last month on European economic risks.Q2 reports from chemical companies concerning order patterns and business conditions in July suggest that "European recessionary conditions are not a base case, and that global demand is holding up generally well," JPM analyst Jeffrey Zekauskas writes.The firm also believes the Dow-DuPont combination could be "a large free cash generator over a longer period of time as Dow's capital expenditures move substantially lower," and the company should benefit from significant capacity expansions and efforts to achieve cost reduction via consolidation. Jul. 29, 2016, 3:32 PM | 8 Comments
Dow Chemical Q2 results beat estimates as sales volumes rise, costs fall
Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) +0.8% premarket after Q2 earnings easily beat analyst estimates and revenue fell less than expected, as cost cuts helped boost margins.CEO Andrew Liveris says Dow delivered its 15th straight quarter of earnings and margin growth despite "a variety of challenging geopolitical and market conditions."Dow, which is merging with DuPont (NYSE:DD), plans to cut costs by $300M this year, and achieved $90M in cuts during Q2; operating margin rose by 160 bps to 21% on an EBITDA basis.Sales volume grew 2%, or 4% excluding the impact of divestitures and acquisitions, "reflecting broad-based, consumer-driven demand with gains across all geographic areas" - Asia Pacific (+7%); Europe, Middle East, Africa and India (+4%); Latin America (+4%); and North America (+3%).Sales in plastics, Dow's largest segment, fell 2.3% Y/Y to $4.69B, as the volume gains were more than offset by pricing headwinds, mostly in hydrocarbons. Jul. 28, 2016, 8:36 AM
Dow Chemical beats by $0.09, beats on revenue
Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW): Q2 EPS of $0.95 beats by $0.09.Revenue of $11.95B (-7.4% Y/Y) beats by $710M.Shares +1.9% PM. Jul. 28, 2016, 6:53 AM | 8 Comments
Notable earnings before Thursday’s open
AB, ABMD, ACIW, ACOR, ADP, AEP, ALKS, ALLE, ALXN, AMT, APD, ARIA, AZN, BC, BCC, BCO, BCOR, BEN, BG, BGCP, BHI, BMS, BMY, BSX, BWA, BWEN, BZH, CAB, CBG, CBM, CELG, CFX, CIT, CL, CLF, CLFD, CME, CMS, COMM, COP, COR, CRR, CRS, CS, CSH, CVI, CVRR, CWT, DBD, DFT, DLX, DOW, DSX, EME, EPD, EQM, EQT, EXLS, F, FCFS, FCN, FI, FIG, FITB, FLY, FSS, GLOP, GNC, GOV, GPI, GPN, GRUB, GTLS, HCA, HEES, HOG, HP, HSY, HTH, IART, IDA, IGT, INCR, INGR, IP, IPGP, IRDM, ITC, ITG, IVC, IVZ, KEM, LAD, LAZ, LDOS, LEA, LKQ, LLL, LPG, MA, MCS, MD, MDP, MDWD, MINI, MITK, MJN, MKTX, MMC, MNRO, MPC, MPLX, MSCI, MTH, MTRN, MVIS, NAP, NEWM, NICE, NMR, NOV, NTCT, NYT, OAK, ODFL, ORI, OSK, PAG, PCG, PES, PF, PJC, PNR, POT, PRLB, PTEN, PX, RDN, RDS.A, RPM, RTN, SCG, SEE, SERV, SFE, SPB, SPGI, SQBG, SQNS, STNG, SXC, SXCP, TCK, TFX, TGI, THRM, TKR, TMO, TPX, TREE, TRI, TZOO, UAN, UBSI, UTHR, VC, VGR, VIVO, VNTV, WCC, WILN, WRLD, WST, WWE, YNDX, ZBH Jul. 27, 2016, 5:30 PM | 29 Comments
DuPont, Dow Chemical shareholders approve merger
DuPont (DD +0.6%) and Dow Chemical (DOW +0.9%) shareholders approve the merger of the two largest U.S. chemical companies at their respective special meetings, a key step in closing the deal before year-end.The next hurdle is winning antitrust clearance: The U.S. Department of Justice in February issued a second request for information on the merger, the companies notified China’s competition agency of the deal in May, and they filed with the European Commission last month.Within two years, the companies plan to split into three separate publicly traded companies focused on agriculture, material science and specialty products. Jul. 20, 2016, 11:28 AM | 5 Comments
Dow Chemical, DuPont downgraded at J.P. Morgan on economic risks
Dow Chemical (DOW -2.1%) and DuPont (DD -2.6%) are downgraded to Neutral from Overweight at J.P. Morgan, citing a lack of near term upside potential amid rising risks of contraction in the world's major economic regions, particularly Europe."When recessions arise, oil demand contracts and oil prices decreases; plastics product prices and profit margins then move lower," writes JPM's Jeffrey Zekauskas, adding that under weakening economic conditions, the market likely will ask for a higher risk premium or margin of safety in investing in Dow.JPM sees a greater likelihood that Dow and DuPont can be purchased over the next year at comparable or lower share prices.The firm cuts its price target for Dow to $50 from $57 and lowers its price outlook for DD to $64 from $73. Jun. 28, 2016, 3:39 PM | 7 Comments
Dow Chemical to cut 2,500 jobs; hikes cost synergies target from revamp
Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) announces plans to eliminate ~2,500 jobs, or ~4% of its global workforce, as it moves to assume full control of Dow Corning.As part of the revamp, Dow will shut down its silicones manufacturing facilities in Greensboro, N.C., and Yamakita, Japan, as well as certain administrative, corporate and manufacturing facilities.Dow says it expects to take a Q2 charge of $410M-$460M for asset impairments, employee severance and other costs related to the moves.Dow raises its annual cost savings estimate for the deal to $400M from its earlier estimate of $300M and says it is targeting $100M in growth synergies. Jun. 28, 2016, 7:45 AM | 3 Comments
EU to rule on Dow, DuPont deal by July 28
EU antitrust authorities will decide by July 28 whether to allow the $130B merger of Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) and DuPont (NYSE:DD).The two firms hope to close the deal around October-November. The DOJ is also examining the proposed combination. Jun. 23, 2016, 8:06 AM | 12 Comments
Dow Chemical is first company to get trading license in Saudi Arabia
Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) says it is the first foreign company to receive a trading license from Saudi Arabia, giving it full ownership in the country's trading sector.The move is part of Saudi's plans to diversify its economy and free its dependence on oil exports amid weak global oil prices.The kingdom's deputy crown prince bin Salman held a full day of meetings with U.S. lawmakers yesterday, part of a visit aimed at restoring frayed ties with the U.S.
Jun. 16, 2016, 5:55 PM | 4 Comments
DoJ should analyze Dow Chemical-DuPont deal, influential senator says
The U.S. Department of Justice's antitrust division should carefully analyze Dow Chemical's (DOW -1%) proposed $130B merger with DuPont (DD -1.3%) to ensure it will not hurt competition in the farming sector, U.S. Sen. Grassley says.The veteran senator says in a letter to the DoJ that he was concerned the planned merger would "decrease competition in an agriculture sector that has already been subject to a number of waves of consolidation in recent years."Grassley, who chairs the Senate's judiciary committee and serves on the agriculture committee, in March asked for an assessment of the impact on domestic food security from ChemChina's planned takeover of Syngenta. Jun. 14, 2016, 3:59 PM | 13 Comments
Dow Chemical completes restructuring of Dow Corning unit
Dow Chemical (DOW -0.2%) says it has completed the restructuring of Dow Corning and now owns all of the business; Dow Corning previously had been equally owned by Dow Chemical and silicone company Corning (GLW -0.5%).GLW swapped its 50% stake in Dow Corning for $4.8B and a 40% stake in Hemlock Semiconductor, which makes semiconductors for the solar-panel industry; Dow now fully owns Dow Corning and will keep a stake in Hemlock.Dow Corning had revenue of more than $4.5B in 2015. Jun. 1, 2016, 10:32 AM | 1 Comment
Dow, DuPont name execs for key roles after planned merger
Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) and DuPont (NYSE:DD) announce its senior leadership team for the planned merger of the companies, including leadership for the three businesses that eventually would be split off.Howard Ungerleider will become DowDuPont's CFO, Dow COO Jim Fitterling will become COO of the merged company's materials business, James Collins is named COO of the combined company's agriculture business, and Marc Doyle will take the job of COO of DowDuPont’s specialty products business; the companies already had said that Andrew Liveris would become executive chairman and Edward Breen the CEO.Nicolas Fanandakis, who has been DuPont’s CFO since 2009, will lose the position after the deal closes; his new role has yet to be disclosed.Now read Dow Corning CEO Hansen to retire; Ungerleider, Gregorio named new leaders May 23, 2016, 6:40 PM | 4 Comments
Supreme Court rejects Dow Chemical bid to restore $30M in patent damages
The U.S. Supreme Court rejects Dow Chemical's (DOW +1.2%) attempt to salvage $30.5M in patent infringement damages in a lengthy legal fight with Nova Chemicals over two patents relating to plastic film.The court's refusal to hear the case leaves in place a December 2015 ruling by a U.S. Court of Appeals throwing out the damages award, but does not affect $61M in damages that a jury in 2010 awarded to Dow for Nova's infringement of the patents prior to 2010.Now read Dow Chemical is even more attractive after earnings May 23, 2016, 10:19 AM
Dow Chemical, Rockwell to pay $375M to resolve Rocky Flats claims
Thousands of homeowners reach a $375M settlement over claims that plutonium releases from the Rocky Flats nuclear weapons plant in Colorado damaged their health and devalued their property.The lawsuit, filed in 1990, named Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) and Rockwell International (NYSE:ROK), which operated the plant for the Energy Department; Dow was in charge from the 1950s until 1975, when ROK took over and ran it until it closed in 1989 because of safety and environmental concerns.The companies said ROK's share of the settlement was $244M and Dow's was $131M, but they expect the Energy Department to repay them in full; the Energy Department says it is liable for some claims, but it is not yet clear if it would be the full amount. May 20, 2016, 8:56 AM | 1 Comment
Barrick Gold +3% as Soros buys $263M stake
George Soros, who once called gold “the ultimate bubble,” has resumed buying the yellow metal after a three-year absence, disclosing during Q1 he bought 1.05M shares in the SPDR Gold Trust ETF (GLD +0.3%) valued at $123.5M, while also doubling his wager against the S&P 500.Soros Fund also made a big bet on miner Barrick Gold (ABX +3.1%), adding a $263.7M stake and raising its ownership to 19.4M shares, making it Soros’ largest U.S.-listed holdings and giving him a 1.7% stake.Otherwise, Soros continued to unwind his commodity exposure, selling off positions in Kinder Morgan (KMI +4.3%) and Baker Hughes (BHI +2.8%) - stakes which were just opened in Q4 - as well as Dow Chemical (DOW +0.9%) and Penn Virginia (NYSE:PVA).But other prominent investors have started to take profits; John Paulson’s hedge fund cut its stake in the SPDR Gold Trust to 4.8M shares from 5.8M and its stake in AngloGold Ashanti (AU -1%) to 15.2M shares from 22.9M. May 17, 2016, 12:27 PM | 17 Comments
Report: Gulf Coast petrochemical boom contributing to global plastics glut
The Gulf Coast petrochemical boom and Chinese expansion are leading to an oversupply of the world’s two most common plastics, polyethylene and polypropylene, which will result in falling prices and profits as well as delays and cancellations of plans to build or expand petrochemical plants, according to a new report from the IHS research firm.Companies including Exxon Mobil (NYSE:XOM), Chevron Phillips (CVX, PSX), Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW), BASF (OTCQX:BASFY) and LyondellBasell (NYSE:LYB) have multi-billion-dollar Gulf coast expansion projects underway, with many planned for completion in a year or so.Some companies already are placing planned projects on hold indefinitely; Ascend Performance materials said yesterday that it was delaying construction of a $1.2B propane dehydrogenation plant. May 17, 2016, 10:43 AM | 11 Comments
Dow Corning CEO Hansen to retire; Ungerleider, Gregorio named new leaders
Dow Corning (DOW, GLW) President and CEO Robert Hansen plans to retire upon the completion of Dow's ownership restructure transaction with Corning, which is expected to close in Q2.Dow names Howard Ungerleider, its vice chairman and CFO, as Chairman of Dow Corning and Mauro Gregorio, currently vice president leading the Dow Corning integration, as Dow Corning CEO.Hansen, who has spent 34 years with Dow Corning, plans to stay with the company for several months to ensure a smooth transition. May 16, 2016, 12:59 PM | 1 Comment
Monsanto-Bayer combo could be a tough sell, some analysts say
Monsanto (MON +8.5%) remains sharply higher though off highs of the day, following headlines that Bayer (OTCPK:BAYRY -4.1%) and BASF (OTCQX:BASFY -1.7%) are considering a possible acquisition of the company.Financial Times reports that MON is interested in forming some sort of combination with the agrochemical businesses of either of the two companies but opposes any deal that would turn it into a division of a German company.Piper Jaffray analysts say the interest in acquiring MON is mere speculation, seeing a potential joint venture as a more likely outcome as "we believe Monsanto remains committed to building a chemistry business."J.P. Morgan believes Bayer would need to raise equity given the size of the deal, and thinks Bayer investors likely would be only lukewarm around the potential deal given limited accretion and investor desire for Bayer to strength its pharma pipeline following recent setbacks.Analysts say a MON takeover likely would draw intense scrutiny from global regulators already confronting an unprecedented wave of consolidation in the crop chemicals industry involving the likes of Dow Chemical (DOW +0.8%), DuPont (DD +0.2%) and Syngenta (SYT +0.4%).Now read Seed war sparked: Bayer and BASF to battle over Monsanto? May 12, 2016, 3:37 PM | 7 Comments
Dow Chemical declares $0.46 dividend
Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) declares $0.46/share quarterly dividend, in line with previous.Forward yield 3.59%Payable July 29; for shareholders of record June 30; ex-div June 28. May 12, 2016, 8:23 AM
Dow Chemical posts mixed Q1 results but margins hit decade high
Dow Chemical (DOW -0.4%) is slightly lower after reporting better than expected Q1 earnings as cost cutting helped lift margins to their highest in more than a decade.Dow cites local price declines in hydrocarbons and energy for Q1's 13.5% Y/Y revenue decline, as well as the stronger dollar which makes its products more expensive abroad; Q1 sales volumes rose 4%, led by gains of 5% in the China region and 13% in India, while average prices fell 12% Y/Y.Dow's operating margin expanded by 164 bps to 21.1% on an EBITDA basis in the quarter, but net income available to common shareholders fell 88%, mainly due to a charge related to the settlement of a class action suit.Chairman/CEO Andrew Liveris says he sees "strong demand signals in North America, gradual recovery in Europe and ongoing sustainable urbanization in China, [but] pockets of volatility will persist... most notably in Brazil."Dow says the merger with DuPont (DD -1.4%) is on schedule to close in “the back part of the year,” pending approval of Dow shareholders in a midyear vote.Now read DuPont sees SEC review of Dow Chemical deal ending by June 30 Apr. 28, 2016, 3:24 PM
Dow Chemical beats by $0.06, beats on revenue
Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW): Q1 EPS of $0.89 beats by $0.06.Revenue of $10.7B (-13.5% Y/Y) beats by $40M. Apr. 28, 2016, 6:47 AM | 2 Comments
Notable earnings before Thursday’s open
AB, ABBV, ACOR, ADP, AEP, AET, AIT, ALKS, ALLE, ALXN, AME, APD, ASPS, AUO, AVT, AXTA, BC, BCOR, BG, BLL, BMS, BMY, BOFI, BWA, BWEN, BXLT, BZH, CAB, CAH, CBG, CCE, CELG, CHTR, CIT, CL, CLF, CLFD, CME, CMS, COMM, COP, COR, CRCM, CRI, CRR, CSH, CVI, CVRR, CWT, CY, DBD, DFT, DLX, DNKN, DOW, DPZ, EME, EPD, EQM, EQT, F, FCFS, FCN, GEO, GLOP, GNC, GOV, GTLS, GWR, HAR, HEES, HHS, HMC, HUN, I, IDA, IDCC, INGR, INSY, INT, IPGP, IQNT, IRDM, IRM, ITC, ITCI, IVC, IVZ, KERX, LANC, LBY, LKQ, LVLT, MA, MD, MDP, MHO, MINI, MITK, MJN, MMC, MO, MPC, MPLX, MSCI, MTH, NEE, NEWM, NOV, OAK, ODFL, ORI, OSK, PF, PJC, POT, PPL, PRLB, PTEN, QSR, RGS, RTIX, RTN, RUTH, SABR, SCG, SEE, SFE, SIRI, SNAK, SNE, SPB, SPIL, SQNS, TFX, THRM, TMO, TOWR, TPX, TWC, TZOO, UAN, UBSI, UFS, UPS, UTHR, VA, VAC, VC, VIAB, VIVO, WCC, WM, WNS, WST, XRS, YNDX, ZBH Apr. 27, 2016, 5:30 PM | 35 Comments
DuPont sees SEC review of Dow Chemical deal ending by June 30
DuPont (DD +2.4%) says it expects the SEC's review of its proposed merger with Dow Chemical (DOW +2.2%) to be completed by the end of June, with the deal closing in October or November."We're in great shape in all our filings in all the jurisdictions around the world - China, Europe, Brazil, obviously the U.S.," CEO Edward Breen said in today's earnings conference call; he did not say when he thought the Justice Department might finish its antitrust review.DuPont also says it plans to buy back $2B of shares in 2016, and make the repurchases after the shareholder vote for the deal, expected to be held after completion of the SEC review.Breen says DuPont's overhead is down to 1.3% of sales, closing in on his target of 1%, and that the company is on track with plans to eliminate $730M in annual costs this year, with Q1 corporate expenses down 44% from prior-year levels, and overall operating costs falling 7%.DuPont is higher after reporting better than expected Q1 earnings and raising its 2016 earnings outlook, citing a weakening of the dollar against most currencies.Now read Golden parachutes descend onto Dow, DuPont CEOs Apr. 26, 2016, 10:55 AM | 6 Comments
More on DuPont's Q1: Net profit jumps 20%
Net profit rose to $1.2B from $1B a year earlier but adjusted operating earnings fell 4% to $1.11B."Solid execution, local price and product mix gains, and higher corn area led to a strong start to the year for our (agriculture) business," says CEO Ed Breen. "Our other businesses generally performed well, slightly above our expectations."The increase in guidance comes after the dollar weakened against "most currencies" during the past three months.DuPont (NYSE:DD) hopes to complete its merger with Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) this year, pending approval from regulators.Previous Apr. 26, 2016, 3:16 AM | 4 Comments
Dow Chemical settles opt-out price-fixing claims for $400M
Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) agrees to pay $400M to settle claims from some large customers that it colluded to set prices for polyurethane.The settlement stems from complaints by customers who opted out of a class-action lawsuit that were nearly identical but expanded the time frame of the alleged price fixing; the class-action complaint said clients were overcharged during 1999-2003, while the opt-out cases added the 1994-98 period.Dow was one of several companies alleged to have overcharged clients by colluding to set prices.Dow maintains its position that it did not fix polyurethane prices at any time, noting that a Justice Department investigation concluded in 2007 without taking any action against the company. Apr. 6, 2016, 6:15 PM | 3 Comments
Dow Chemical: CS starts at Outperform, sees 9.5% upside
Credit Suisse starts Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) at Outperform.Price target of $56. Implied upside 9.5%.Yesterday, RBC raised its PT on DOW to $62 from $60. Implied upside 21%.Now read Seeing Through The Dark Clouds Surrounding Dow Chemical » Mar. 24, 2016, 8:07 AM | 4 Comments
Chemical industry ripe for more M&A action, Deutsche Bank says
The chemicals industry is on the verge of an "M&A bonanza," driven by strong balance sheets, cheap financing and activist pressures, Deutsche Bank says following a week-long series of meetings with leading U.S. and European chemical companies.Deutsche Bank sees the U.S. Gulf coast region as the top global investment region looking ahead, and says North American ethane based ethylene production still maintains a 50%-60% cash cost advantage over European production even though the collapse in oil price has flattened the cost curve.Among U.S. majors, the firm maintains Buy ratings on Celanese (CE -1.3%), Dow Chemical (DOW +0.6%), DuPont (DD +0.8%), Eastman Chemical (EMN +0.1%) and PPG Industries (PPG -0.3%); Evonik (OTC:EVKIF), BASF (OTCQX:BASFY) and Linde (OTCPK:LNAGF) are viewed as top potential European buyers of U.S. assets. Mar. 23, 2016, 12:47 PM | 7 Comments
Dow Chemical, Kuwait to move ahead on new Texas petrochemical plant
A Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) joint venture with Kuwait confirms it will build a $1B-plus petrochemical plant at Dow’s Oyster Creek site in Freeport, Tex.The facility, scheduled for completion in 2019, would produce monoethylene glycol used to make polyester, resins, fibers and liquids such as antifreeze; the plant will tie into Dow’s new ethylene cracker facility in Freeport that is scheduled to come online next year.Dow owns a 42.5% stake in the Greater Equate JV, although it intends to eventually reduce its percentage. Mar. 22, 2016, 5:40 PM | 2 Comments
Analysts see BASF spoiler bid for DuPont unlikely
DuPont (NYSE:DD) rose 2.4% in today's trade following reports that BASF (OTCQX:BASFY) is considering a bid for the company, even as DuPont prepares to merge with Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW)."We just don't see it... BASF cannot come up with a more attractive offer" than  the current Dow-DuPont deal, Bernstein analysts write, adding that BASF would struggle to raise the expected $72B for a takeover.Jefferies' Laurence Alexander notes that BASF has not done large-scale M&A since the end of the last decade, and its reported interest in a potential spoiler bid for DuPont "run aground" on BASF’s return on investment capital, disinterest in equity financing, and credit ratings."The math is terrible for this," Bernstein's Jonas Oxgaard says, also noting that DuPont may be obligated to pay Dow a $1.9B termination fee if it breaks the deal.For his part, CNBC's Jim Cramer thinks a DuPont-BASF deal makes no sense "strategically or financially" for either company, although BASF could emerge as a buyer of certain assets Dow-DuPont may be required to divest in order to secure antitrust approval for their merger. Mar. 7, 2016, 6:21 PM | 3 Comments
Bloomberg: BASF exploring rival bid for DuPont
DuPont (NYSE:DD) +5.2% AH following a Bloomberg report that BASF (OTCQX:BASFY) is considering a rival takeover bid for the company.BASF is working with advisers and banks to examine the merits of making a counter bid for DuPont, which has agreed to a merger with Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW), according to the report.BASF is said to have held talks with DuPont before the merger agreement with Dow, but the talks did not progress. Mar. 4, 2016, 4:38 PM | 26 Comments
Golden parachutes descend onto Dow, DuPont CEOs
The chief executives of DuPont (DD +0.1%) and Dow Chemical (DOW +0.2%) will receive a combined $80M in "golden parachute" payments after DowDuPont splits into three, according to a new regulatory filing.Dow CEO Andrew Liveris would get $52.8M in cash, stock and other payments, while DuPont CEO Edward Breen would collect $27.2M.DowDuPont plans to break up into three separate businesses - agriculture, material sciences and specialty products – after the merger of Dow and DuPont closes (expected in the second half of this year). Mar. 3, 2016, 10:30 AM | 28 Comments
Monsanto -7.5% after cutting guidance
Monsanto (MON -7.5%) sinks after cutting its FY 2016 and Q2 profit outlook, citing weak foreign currencies, increased generic competition and compressed grower margins.CEO Hugh Grant says MON may not achieve its target of doubling EPS by 2019 because of the current struggles, and that MON is no longer interested in buying Syngenta (SYT -0.9%) after the latter agreed to be acquired by ChemChina.Before MON's announcement, the Bernstein research firm called a bottom in the agricultural cycle, which it sees as positive for MON and Potash (POT +3.4%), as spot potash prices are expected to trend positively during the spring planting season.Related tickers: DD -1.2%, DOW -0.8%, AGU -1.2%, CF -3.5%. Mar. 2, 2016, 12:49 PM | 9 Comments
Additional time needed to review DuPont-Dow merger
U.S. regulators need more time to look over materials related to DuPont's (DD -2.5%) merger with Dow Chemical (DOW -1.9%), a move that extends the review period.According to a new SEC filing, the request for additional information will extend the waiting period another 30 days, but it was unclear what the end date of the review would be.The two chemical companies agreed to combine in an all-stock merger in December, in a first step towards breaking up into three separate businesses.
Mar. 2, 2016, 10:38 AM | 12 Comments
DuPont making "all the right moves" but still rates Neutral, CIti says
Citigroup analysts P.J. Juvekar and Daniel Jester believe new DuPont (NYSE:DD) CEO Ed Breen is “making all the right moves" ahead of its merger with Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW), but they are not ready to change their Neutral rating on the stock because of agriculture weakness and slower global growth.DuPont’s "new data-driven CEO" is drawing on his “turnaround and split” experience at Tyco by cutting costs and streamlining DuPont’s organization, Juvekar and Jester say, adding that DD needed to be more streamlined in its cost-structure as well as decision making.Breen says R&D projects were taking much longer to go commercial and that DuPont is now focusing on return-on-capital as a key driver for R&D; Citi notes the company has struggled with its R&D productivity for years. Feb. 29, 2016, 5:48 PM | 8 Comments
Buffett speaks
Buying IBM could be a mistake, says Warren Buffett (BRK.A, BRK.B), but he hasn't sold a share and continues to expect it to be worth more in the future (though "Charlie's neutral").On another troubled holding, American Express (NYSE:AXP), Buffett says it's a business that has always had to adapt, and now is no different. "It's a very strong brand, but you are going to face a lot of competition on payments."On yet another roughed-up name, Bank of America (NYSE:BAC), The Oracle says CEO Brian Moynihan has done a great job after inheriting a bad hand.Buffett is unlikely to be an owner of Dow Chemical's (NYSE:DOW) common stock, and likes the preferred more. He owns $3B of preferred from 2009 that pay an 8.5% annual dividend. Converting would amount to about 6% of the common float.Of troubled names in general, Buffett reminds Berkshire Hathaway's stock price has dipped 50% three different times since he began controlling it. "It was terrific!" A stock going down is a good thing, unless the company itself is losing value.Live blog of CNBC interview Feb. 29, 2016, 8:18 AM | 93 Comments
Dow settles urethanes class action case for $835M
Dow (NYSE:DOW) agrees to pay the plaintiff class $835M.This settlement conditional on the U.S. Supreme Court agreeing to hold Dow's Petition for a Writ of Certiorari in abeyance and the subsequent approval of the class settlement by the U.S. District Court of Kansas.The settlement will resolve the $1.06B judgment against Dow entered in 2013."Growing political uncertainties due to recent events within the Supreme Court and increased likelihood for unfavorable outcomes for business involved in class action suits have changed Dow's risk assessment of the situation. Dow believes this settlement is the right decision for the company and our shareholders."While Dow is settling this case, it continues to strongly believe that it was not part of any conspiracy and the judgment was fundamentally flawed as a matter of class action law. Further, the judgment covered alleged legacy activity between 2000 and 2003. Dow cooperated with an extensive investigation by the U.S. Department of Justice, which closed its investigation in 2007 without taking any or proposing any action against Dow. Dow's position at the U.S. Supreme Court is that the judgment violates class action law in multiple ways, notably with respect to the Supreme Court's Walmart decision of 2011 and the Comcast decision of 2013, both authored by Justice Scalia."Previously: Dow Chemical upgraded to Positive at Susquehanna (Feb. 8)Previously: Dow Chemical upgraded to Top Pick, LyondellBasell downgraded at RBC (Feb. 3) Feb. 26, 2016, 7:02 AM | 1 Comment
DuPont, Dow say ag unit to be based in Delaware
DuPont (NYSE:DD) and Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) announce their post-merger site structure, saying two of the three units to be created and spun off will be based in DuPont's home town and one in Dow's home town.The specialty products unit and the agriculture unit, whose name will feature DuPont, will both be headquartered in DuPont's home town of Wilmington, Del., while the material sciences company will be based in Midland, Mich., Dow's current home, and will feature Dow in the company's name.The three-way split likely will occur 18-24 months after the merger closes, which is expected in H2 2016. Feb. 19, 2016, 9:16 AM | 15 Comments
Soros exits several energy stakes, takes Pfizer position
George Soros, who has warned of a repeat of the 2008 financial crisis but this time with China as the focus of most problems, exited stakes in several energy-related companies and took a position in Pfizer (NYSE:PFE) during Q4.According to a 13-F filing, the Soros fund disclosed it had exited stakes in Chevron (NYSE:CVX), Chesapeake Energy (NYSE:CHK) and NRG Energy (NYSE:NRG), and reduced its position in Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW); Soros bought ~685K shares in Baker Hughes (NYSE:BHI), which is merging with Halliburton (NYSE:HAL), as well as 50.7K shares in Kinder Morgan (NYSE:KMI).Soros also closed his stake in Olin Corp. (NYSE:OLN) and cut his stake in Vista Outdoor (NYSE:VSTO), and took a position valued at $216M in Synchrony Financial (NYSE:SYF), which was spun off from GE.Overall, the value of Soros’ holdings fell to $6.05B as of Dec. 31, from $6.61B at the end of Q3. Feb. 16, 2016, 6:57 PM | 53 Comments
Third Point filing: New position in MS, quadrupled short bets
In today's 13F filing, Daniel Loeb and his Third Point hedge fund indicated they took a new Q4 position of 3M shares in Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) -- stock that rose 6.4% today, but is down 27.4% YTD.Third Point raised its stake in Allergan (AGN +1.9%) by 47%, to 5.4M shares, and in Dow Chemical (DOW +2%) by 7%, to 25.2M shares.Another new position is in Axalta Coating Systems (AXTA -0.3%): 2.4M shares.Reuters notes that it saw a Loeb letter where he acknowledged that along with cutting stakes in companies exposed to China and commodity prices, Third Point raised its short positions to defend itself against tumbling markets."A renewed focus on generating alpha on both sides of the portfolio has led us to increase single-name equity shorts by four-fold over the past year," Loeb wrote. "Our total equity short exposure is nearly $4.5 billion today." Feb. 12, 2016, 6:58 PM | 3 Comments
Dow Chemical declares $0.46 dividend
Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) declares $0.46/share quarterly dividend, in line with previous.Forward yield 3.99%Payable April 29; for shareholders of record March 31; ex-div March 29. Feb. 11, 2016, 6:55 AM
Dow-DuPont merger structure criticized by Bernstein
The proposed merger of Dow Chemical (DOW -0.1%) and DuPont (DD -0.3%), which prompted an upgrade at Bernstein a month ago, is now the subject of a more critical review at the firm, which calls the current merger structure "sub-optimal."The current structure will create three problems, the firm says: the $4B in synergies the companies have guided are unrealistic; Dow would remain an integrated commodity/specialty player - which the firm sees historically as one of the company's main impediments - DuPont's culture issues would not be resolved; and the DuPont-dominated "specialty products" business would be a shadow of DuPont, "basically waiting to be carved up and sold."Bernstein believes the Dow-DuPont split-up plan should be revised to form three focused agriculture, commodity and specialty chemicals businesses which would enable the resolution of the integrated structure at Dow, the muddled structure and diffuse accountability at DuPont, while also significantly increasing both cost and growth synergies.Dow is rated Outperform with a $64 price target; DD also is rated Outperform, with an $81 target. Feb. 10, 2016, 12:58 PM | 10 Comments
Dow Chemical upgraded to Positive at Susquehanna
Dow Chemical (DOW -2.1%) is upgraded to Positive from Neutral with a $54 price target, up from $46, at Susquehanna, even after rising nearly 12% in the past week.The firm says it remains positive on the combined company's agriculture segment given Dow and DuPont's (DD -2.6%) pursuit of cost reductions in ag prior to the H2 2016 merger closure, and its expectation of $1.25B of cost (primarily R&D) and $500M of growth synergies.The firm says it completed a revised valuation, changing the approach to now "apply the equity ratio to the pro-forma capital structure resulting in a 50/50 split," taking into consideration the Dow-DuPont combined entity.DuPont already had been rated Positive by Susquehanna, but now with a lowered price target of $69 from $77. Feb. 8, 2016, 3:14 PM | 12 Comments
Dow Chemical upgraded to Top Pick, LyondellBasell downgraded at RBC
Dow Chemical (DOW +2.8%) is upgraded to Top Pick from Outperform with a $60 price target, raised from $51, at RBC Capital, citing catalysts such as strong above-market volume growth, sustainable margin expansion, solid growth pipeline, and more than two years years of self-help from cost cutting and DuPont merger synergies.RBC also believes yesterday's news that CEO Andrew Liveris will be stepping down next year clears a path for Ed Breen and potential new management to drive upside to synergy targets.RBC also downgrades LyondellBasell (LYB -2.8%) to Outperform from Top Pick with a $95 price target, lowered from $105, as compression in the oil-to-gas ratio and oncoming capacity now appear to be primary drivers of the stock.Despite the downgrade, the firm likes LYB's industry-leading buybacks and organic growth, and says the stock still represents good value at 7.9x its estimated 2017 EPS. Feb. 3, 2016, 11:31 AM | 2 Comments
Dow Chemical's Liveris confirms planned exit
Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) CEO Andrew Liveris will leave the company after the completion of its merger with DuPont (NYSE:DD), he says during the company's earnings conference call.The move would mark a victory for Dan Loeb, who had called for his removal.Earlier: Dow Chemical beats estimates as cost cuts pay offDOW +2.8%, DD +2.4%.
Feb. 2, 2016, 10:58 AM | 12 Comments
Dow Chemical beats estimates as cost cuts pay off
Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) +2.7% premarket after reporting better than expected Q4 earnings, as its increased focus on higher margin businesses such as packaging and electronics by divesting low-margin assets pays off.Q4 revenues beat expectations but fell to $11.5B from $14.4B, due  mostly to price declines and adverse foreign exchange rates, partially offset by a large gain on the $5B sale of its chlorine business as well as reduced overhead costs and lower research and development spending.The cost cuts helped Dow's operating margin increase by 406 bps to 20.9% in the quarter,while cost of sales fell 24% to $8.81B.Operating EBITDA at Dow's plastics business, its biggest by sales, was $1.3B, up from $1.2B a year ago, due to low crude costs.Dow also appoints James Fitterling as its President and COO; Fitterling is a 32-year Dowveteran, and previously held the position of Vice Chairman and COO. Feb. 2, 2016, 8:44 AM | 2 Comments
Dow Chemical beats by $0.23, beats on revenue
Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW): Q4 EPS of $0.93 beats by $0.23.Revenue of $11.35B (-21.1% Y/Y) beats by $150M. Feb. 2, 2016, 6:52 AM | 8 Comments
Notable earnings before Tuesday’s open
ADT, AGCO, ALLY, AMG, ARRY, AXE, BAX, BEAV, CHD, CIT, DOW, EMR, HRS, HW, IMO, KORS, LAZ, LFUS, LYB, MNK, NMR, PBI, PFE, PNR, R, RACE, RCL, SIRI, SMG, SPB, ST, TECH, UPS, USAK, WDR, XOM Feb. 1, 2016, 5:30 PM | 9 Comments
DuPont steps up cost cut plans ahead of Dow Chemical merger
DuPont (DD +0.8%) says it now plans to cut $730M in expenses this year, up from its December projection of $700M in cost reductions amid a broad restructuring plan to eliminate ~5K jobs in an effort to improve profits and hasten integration with Dow Chemical (DOW +0.7%), company execs said in today's earnings conference call."The big takeaway today is the pace of change that's happening at this company," says Edward Jones analyst Matt Arnold, who expects the cost cuts to continue and considers the current reductions just a starting point.CEO Edward Breen says there is "very little" to concern regulators about the company's pending merger with Dow and that it is unlikely to need to make significant asset sales, despite analyst speculation that the deal will face intense regulatory scrutiny."We feel there is very little overlap, despite the size of the companies," Breen reiterates in a telephone interview with Reuters. Jan. 26, 2016, 3:48 PM | 8 Comments
No rush to buy Dow, as merger and split take up to three years, analyst says
Few catalysts remain on the horizon to boost Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW), especially as the merger with DuPont (NYSE:DD) and eventual split could take up to three years, says Citigroup’s P.J. Juvekar, who rates DOW at Neutral with a $45 price target.Even with the recent market selloff, Juvekar sees no near-term catalysts to push the stock, and weakness in oil prices and the Chinese economy are likely to persist throughout the year.The merger is expected to close in H2 2016 while the eventual split into three parts could take an additional 18-24 months - "a long time for investors to wait, as Dow’s fortunes are now tied to DD’s results, particularly in ag" Juvekar writes, adding that LyondellBasell (NYSE:LYB) is better positioned to benefit from a rebound in oil prices. Jan. 22, 2016, 7:11 PM | 10 Comments
DuPont upgraded at Bernstein, citing upside from Dow merger
DuPont (NYSE:DD) +1.1% premarket after Bernstein upgrades shares to Outperform from Market Perform with an $81 price target, raised from $71, saying that although the structure of the merger with Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) could have been better and unlocked more value, it will still provide significant upside to both companies.Bernstein also sees additional upside from ethylene shortages, regardless of crude oil prices, as well as the possibility of an improved deal structure.Earlier: DuPont, Air Products downgraded at Citi; Celanese, Eastman upped to Buy (Jan. 5) Jan. 8, 2016, 8:44 AM | 13 Comments
DuPont cutting 1,700 Delaware jobs ahead of Dow Chemical merger
CEO Ed Breen disclosed in an employee memo DuPont (DD +1.7%) plans to lay off 1,700 of its 6,100 Delaware employees in early 2016. No local facilities will be shuttered. Breen: "The effect in Delaware will be significant, reflecting the urgent need to restructure our cost base and, as part of that effort, reduce our corporate overhead costs so that we can remain competitive."DuPont also states its Specialty Products business, one of three publicly-traded companies to exist after the Dow Chemical (DOW +0.4%) deal closes, will be headquartered in Wilmington.In tandem with the Dec. 11 Dow Chemical merger announcement, DuPont stated it planned to cut its 63K-strong global workforce by 10%. $700M/year in cost savings are sought.Both DuPont and Dow are higher on a day the S&P is up 0.9%. Dow's gains are limited by the fact the company is trading ex-dividend today.Prior DuPont/Dow Chemical coverage Dec. 29, 2015, 12:18 PM | 31 Comments
Dow-DuPont synergies will save more than officially projected, analyst says
The combined DuPont (NYSE:DD) and Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) will cut costs more than the companies officially project - as high as $5.1B-$6.1B vs. the announced $3B - Alembic Global Advisors’ Hassan Ahmed says.Using a sum-of-the-parts valuation for both Dow and DuPont and layering on the valuation impact of cost synergies and growth projects points to ~40% upside from current levels for the merged company’s enterprise value, Ahmed calculates.The merged company currently trades at an EV-to-EBITDA of 5.6x vs. the typical U.S. specialty chemical company multiples of 10x-12x, according to Ahmed, and he considers his analysis conservative since it does not bake in an ethylene up-cycle or growth synergies. Dec. 22, 2015, 5:35 PM | 14 Comments
Syngenta open to deals with rivals including Monsanto, CEO says
Interim Syngenta (SYT +2.1%) CEO John Ramsay tells Dow Jones the company is discussing possible deals with "a number of parties" and is open to combinations with companies including Monsanto (MON +0.9%).While Ramsay says MON has not revived its $46B takeover effort that was abandoned in August, his comment that SYT is "interested in any value-adding opportunity that exists for us in this industry, which includes Monsanto and many others" marks a notable departure from its earlier stand.Last week's merger between DuPont (DD -0.7%) and Dow Chemical (DOW -0.4%) removed two potential partners for SYT and eventually could pose a greater competitive threat in the ~$100B global seed and pesticide industry. Dec. 18, 2015, 12:17 PM | 1 Comment
Dow Chemical, DuPont plan big tax savings via rare merger of equals
The tax-free treatment of the spinoffs Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) and DuPont (NYSE:DD) plan to carry out after they merge their businesses is a prime driver of the deal, potentially saving tens of billions of dollars, industry experts tell Reuters.Unlike last month's Pfizer-Allergan merger, where tax savings are the result of Pfizer redomiciling to Allergan's home base of Ireland in an inversion, the Dow-DuPont tax savings hinge on the deal structure as a merger of equals, a rare event that requires companies of the same size and scope, tax experts say.Companies that have been through a change of control typically are liable to pay capital gains taxes on subsequent spinoffs; Dow and DuPont plan to create three publicly-traded businesses and plan to argue that no change of control will have occurred by structuring their initial deal as a merger of equals.Bolstering their view that a change of control has not occurred is that the two companies have many shareholders in common: Vanguard, State Street, Capital World Investors and BlackRock are, in that order, the top holders of both companies' stock.Dow and DuPont have not disclosed estimates for tax savings, but people familiar with the deal say the savings will far exceed the $3B in annual cost synergies the companies expect. Dec. 15, 2015, 6:28 PM | 10 Comments
Dow Chemical downgraded to Neutral from Buy at UBS
Dow Chemical (DOW -0.7%) is downgraded to Neutral from Buy with a $53 price target at UBS, which says the stock will now be linked with DuPont (DD -0.6%) until the merger closes, likely in H2 2016.While DowDuPont sees minimum antitrust scrutiny, UBS thinks regulators will at a minimum perform a "significant review" in seeds and pesticides given the issues raised when Monsanto bid for Syngenta.RBC analysts see 20% upside potential in the combined entity when giving full credit to targeted synergies and just 2% of downside risk, and believes investors are skeptical on giving full credit to merger synergies in the deal. Dec. 15, 2015, 12:33 PM | 3 Comments
Dow Jones: YPF, Dow Chemical to invest up to $500M in Argentina shale
Argentina's state-run YPF (YPF +5.3%) oil company and the local unit of Dow Chemical (DOW -0.5%) plan to invest $400M-$500M to explore for shale gas, Dow Jones reports.The companies already are involved in a joint venture which is the leading shale gas project of its kind in Argentina, with production of ~750K cm/day; the aim would be to nearly triple that amount next year to ~2M cm/day.The deal would mark the first significant foreign investment in Argentina since newly elected Pres. Macri took office last week. Dec. 15, 2015, 10:11 AM | 2 Comments
DuPont downgraded to Hold from Buy at Jefferies
DuPont (DD -3.2%) is downgraded to Hold from Buy with a $75 price target at Jefferies, which expects the stock to be stuck in a rut following the announcement of its plan to merge with Dow Chemical (DOW -3.8%).The firm expects DD’s shares now will be driven less by agriculture newsflow and more by details relating to cost synergies, levers to deliver growth synergies and risks to Dow’s petrochemical chain margins.Jefferies expects the merger to result in the creation of a strong player in agrichemicals, seeds and agronomy, and petrochemicals, and an innovator in industrial biotech and nutrition, but that integration and end-market risks are likely to restrict the value of DD’s shares through late 2016. Dec. 14, 2015, 12:27 PM | 9 Comments
Dow board backs merger with DuPont
Dow Chemical's (NYSE:DOW) Board of Directors has announced its unanimous and full support for the merger of equals with DuPont (NYSE:DD) and intended separation."This merger is the optimal path forward and a win for all of our shareholders. We stand by both our and DuPont's Boards' unanimous decisions to conduct this transaction, and are fully focused on achieving the successful integration of both powerhouse companies."
Dec. 14, 2015, 8:05 AM | 8 Comments
WSJ: Loeb wants removal of Dow Chemical CEO Liveris
Third Point's Daniel Loeb is calling for the removal of Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) CEO Andrew Liveris following the company's announced deal to merge with DuPont (NYSE:DD), WSJ reports.Loeb reportedly sent a private letter to Dow's board yesterday essentially supporting the merger but questioning whether the deal was rushed to be completed before the expiration of a standstill agreement this weekend that had barred him from publicly speaking about Dow.Dow's directors, including one appointed to the board last year at the behest of Third Point, are defending the deal and Liveris, calling the timing complaint “ridiculous” and "laughable."Loeb’s feud stands in contrast with the involvement in the merger by Nelson Peltz's Trian Fund, which was at odds with DuPont before the two sides came together in recent weeks to help plan the deal. Dec. 13, 2015, 10:51 PM | 7 Comments
Farmers worry about Dow Chemical-DuPont merger
Farm groups are calling for regulators to closely scrutinize the proposed merger of Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) and DuPont that could give the companies more clout in the markets for seeds and pesticides.Chemicals and materials businesses would comprise most of DowDuPont's revenues, but the markets for those products tend to be fragmented; the combined companies' agriculture business would boast big market shares, such as 41% of sales of U.S. corn seeds and related genetics vs. DuPont’s current 35% and Dow’s 6%.Also, the merger could cause further deals among the six companies that currently dominate the global market for seed and crop chemicals, a group that also includes Monsanto (NYSE:MON), Syngenta (NYSE:SYT), Bayer (OTCPK:BAYZF, OTCPK:BAYRY) and BASF (OTCQX:BASFY).But Dow and DuPont do not appear to expect antitrust problems; DuPont CEO Ed Breen says the companies plan to divest only modestly - “nothing that would move the needle." Dec. 11, 2015, 7:07 PM | 12 Comments
Investors are cool to Dow-DuPont merger
Dow Chemical (DOW -3.5%) and DuPont (DD -5.5%) remain sharply lower after their merger news, giving back gains sparked by the earlier speculation around a deal, as the companies "missed several significant opportunities for long-term value creation," according to Bernstein analysts.DuPont shares are taking the worst of it, as it also announced restructuring plans including a 10% cut to its global workforce, and gave downbeat comments on its 2016 sales growth.DuPont CEO Edward Breen and Dow's Andrew Liveris said in a morning conference call that the planned breakup into three separate business would occur "as soon as feasible" but that it still could take up to two years after the merger closes, suggesting the breakup may not occur until 2018.Breen also said no major divestitures were expected as the deal goes before antitrust reviewers, with both companies likely to sell minor pieces of their businesses "but nothing that would move the needle."Liveris hinted at an eventual retirement, saying there would "almost certainly" be a new leader of the materials company, and that "I do want to eventually go to the place where the future of the company is not just beholden to my presence." Dec. 11, 2015, 12:27 PM | 8 Comments
Dow Chemical to buy remaining stake in JV with Corning
Separate from its merger news, Dow Chemcial (NYSE:DOW) says it will buy the remaining stake in its 50/50 joint venture with Corning (NYSE:GLW).Dow says the deal will help it capture $400M in annual cost savings from the restructured ownership, and expects to yield more than $1B in additional annual EBITDA at full run-rate synergies; it is expected to be accretive to operating EPS, cash flow from operations and free cash flow in the first full year after the close of the transaction, expected in H1 2016.GLW will exchange its 50% interest in Dow Corning for 100% of the stock of a newly formed entity that will become a wholly owned subsidiary, which will hold ~40% ownership in Hemlock Semiconductor Group and ~$4.8B in cash.DOW +0.8%, GLW +5.5% premarket. Dec. 11, 2015, 7:55 AM | 13 Comments
Dow Chemical and DuPont announce merger
Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) and DuPont (NYSE:DD) have agreed to a merger of equals. The deal is structured as an all-stock transaction.The new powerhouse company will be called DowDuPont until a split into three separate publicly-traded entities is fired off, roughly 18 to 24 months after the closing of the merger.Cost synergies from the Dow-DuPont combination are estimated to be as high as $3B within two years.Shares of Dow and DuPont have already tracked higher this week with the deal widely expected.Previously: Dow-DuPont megamerger likely to get close antitrust scrutiny (Dec. 10 2015)Previously: DuPont, Dow Chemical tally record sessions after deal report (Dec. 09 2015) Dec. 11, 2015, 6:57 AM | 18 Comments
Dow-DuPont megamerger likely to get close antitrust scrutiny
The possible merger between Dow Chemical (DOW -0.8%) and DuPont (DD -1%) - which CNBC's Marc Faber reports will be announced tomorrow - would create a chemical industry colossus prompting what probably would be a detailed and lengthy review by government antitrust enforcers.A merger likely would draw complaints from some farmers and other customers wary of market concentration, but the two companies are said to have spent little time on antitrust because their lawyers believe there is little concern thanks to the planned three-way split of the combined businesses into new companies centered on agriculture, plastics and other chemical-based materials, and specialty products such as enzymes."For the last 10 years, the companies have not truly been competitors," says Bernstein analyst Jonas Oxgaard; Dow and DuPont "used to be the two big rivals in American chemicals, but they've gone down completely divergent paths." Dec. 10, 2015, 9:39 AM | 8 Comments
DuPont, Dow Chemical tally record sessions after deal report
The mere prospect of a historic $130B tie-up between DuPont (NYSE:DD) and Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) delivered record gains to shareholders today: DuPont (+11.8%) and Dow (+11.9%) each tallied their biggest price gains since FactSet started compiling data 43 years ago, and it was Dow's first double-digit percent increase since 2009.Citi analyst P.J. Juvekar thinks the possible deal is a positive for DuPont, giving it the opportunity to extract “significant synergies which would take the company further towards its cost cutting goal,” and he maintains a Buy rating on the stock as well as his $76 price target, now only slightly above today's close at $74.49.The deal apparently would be followed by a breakup into three businesses: agriculture, specialty chemicals and commodity chemicals; it's "like Pepsi and Coca-Cola merging, then splitting into syrup, bottling, and snacks and sundry businesses," says Eric Linser of Avant-Garde Advisors.The deal reportedly would be billed as a merger of equals, meaning there would not be a big premium for either set of investors; the talks could fall apart, and if the two sides manage to agree, antitrust regulators may not give their blessing. Dec. 9, 2015, 6:35 PM | 1 Comment
Dow-DuPont combo could lead Monsanto to make new offer for Syngenta
Any merger between Dow Chemical (DOW +10.5%) and DuPont (DD +12.6%) would have far-reaching consequences for European rivals, prompting a series of moves as pesticide and seed makers scramble to face a combined U.S. giant.A merger would make it more likely that Monsanto (MON +0.2%) re-approaches Syngenta (SYT +7.7%), Bernstein analysts say, speculating that a new bid could come in at 485 Swiss francs, more than the 470 cash-and-stock offer withdrawn in August.The pressure on MON to defend its position as the biggest seeds player would be "huge" as chemical companies will want to defend or even strengthen their market positions, says MM Warburg's Oliver Schwarz.Regulatory hurdles to a merger would require the combined company to sell off some businesses, likely sparking interest from contenders such as BASF (OTCQX:BASFY -0.1%), Schwarz says. “All the big companies that are swimming in this pond would probably be interested in taking over assets that Dow or DuPont would sell." Dec. 9, 2015, 12:10 PM | 7 Comments
Premarket Gainers / Losers as of 9:10 am
Gainers: VRA +21%. CARA +17%. OHGI +14%. OGXI +13%. DOW +11%. DD +9%. WYNN +8%.Losers: AEZS -27%. ONTY -15%. LULU -10%. ORIG -7%. RAS -6%. Dec. 9, 2015, 9:16 AM
CNBC: Dow, DuPont likely to announce merger by tomorrow
Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) and DuPont (NYSE:DD) are expected to announce a merger by Thursday, CNBC reports, in what would be one of the biggest deals in a huge year for mergers and acquisitions.DOW +9.2%; DD +12.6% premarketPreviously: WSJ: Dow Chemical, DuPont in advanced merger talks (Dec. 08 2015) Dec. 9, 2015, 7:34 AM | 7 Comments
WSJ: Dow Chemical, DuPont in advanced merger talks
The WSJ reports chemical giants Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) and DuPont (NYSE:DD) are in advanced merger talks, and that a deal could be announced in the coming days.The paper adds a deal would be followed by a "three-way breakup of the combined company," DuPont CEO Edward Breen would be CEO of the post-merger company, and Dow CEO Andrew Liveris its executive chairman.DOW +4.3% after hours to $53.10. DD +5.1% to $70.00. Each company has a market cap near $60B.
Dec. 8, 2015, 7:52 PM | 36 Comments
Dow sells portfolio of herbicides
Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) has struck a deal to sell a part of its global herbicide business (a portfolio of weed killers known as dinitroanilines) to Gowan Company.The deal comes a month after Dow said it was reviewing all options for its farm chemicals and seeds unit, which has reported falling sales for nearly a year.
Dec. 1, 2015, 7:25 AM
Dow Chemical slumps after EPA revokes herbicide's registration
Citing high toxicity levels for non-target plants, the EPA has revoked the registration of Dow Chemical's (DOW -2.6%) Enlist Duo herbicide.Enlist Duo, which targets severe weed resistance (hinders crop production), was approved last month with a series of restrictions. Dow says it's working with the EPA to provide additional assurances for the product. Nov. 25, 2015, 11:59 AM | 2 Comments
Chemours to sell aniline facility
Chemours (NYSE:CC) has signed a definitive agreement to sell its aniline facility in Beaumont, Texas to Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) for approximately $140M in cash.The agreement is another step in the company's five-point transformation plan. Nov. 19, 2015, 8:29 AM | 4 Comments
DuPont reportedly in talks with Syngenta, Dow Chemical about potential deal
DuPont (DD +0.8%) is in discussions with Syngenta (SYT +6.3%) and Dow Chemical (DOW +0.4%) about potential major agriculture deals, Dow Jones reports.DD is said to be discussing potential combinations involving its ag division with SYT and DOW, as deal talk has gathered steam since Monsanto (MON -1%) abandoned its effort to acquire SYT in August; MON instead could face the threat of much-enlarged competitors if its rivals end up combining and it strikes no combination of its own.U.S. farm income is on pace to hit its lowest level in nearly a decade, pressuring profits in the global market for GMO seeds and chemicals to kill weeds and insects. Nov. 5, 2015, 4:13 PM | 9 Comments
Westlake Chemical downgraded to Sell at UBS
Westlake Chemical (WLK -3.6%) is downgraded to Sell from Neutral with a $58 price target, down from $68, at UBS, which thinks upside September quarter results at Celanese (CE -0.5%), Dow Chemical (DOW +0.1%) and LyondellBasell (LYB -0.8%) may have temporarily driven recent strength in the sector.As the market becomes more balanced, UBS believes the potential for lower polyethylene prices is not yet fully priced in, and it sees downside risks to WLK's earnings and stock price. Oct. 27, 2015, 10:19 AM
Dow Chemical's farm business seen attractive for DuPont
Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) said today it would consider selling its farm business, and analysts tout DuPont (NYSE:DD) and Monsanto (NYSE:MON) as potential buyers, Reuters reports."A different owner might be able to boost profitability immediately," says SunTrust's James Sheehan, who estimates selling the business could net Dow proceeds of ~$15B.Buying Dow's farm business would give DuPont the scale to compete with bigger players, especially in the crop protection market, and DuPont's global market share would jump to ~16% after a deal, says Mawer Investment portfolio manager Grayson Witcher.MON is looking for acquisitions after its failed bid for Syngenta, but Dow Agrosciences is only half the size of Syngenta and its seed business lags far behind. Oct. 22, 2015, 5:33 PM | 1 Comment
Corning +5.7%; Dow Chemical might buy company's JV stake
During its Q3 earnings call, Dow Chemical (DOW +3.6%) stated it might buy Corning's (NYSE:GLW) stake in the companies' Dow Corning silicon product JV, as part of a broader effort to restructure its JV interests.Dow added talks have already been held with Corning. The company disclosed last year Corning wanted out of the JV, following its 2013 deal to buy Samsung's stake in an LCD glass JV.Dow Corning's sales fell 5% Y/Y in Q2 to $1.42B, thanks to a strong dollar and weak polysilicon sales to solar manufacturers. Adjusted net income nonetheless rose 27% to $127M, aided by strong demand within the JV's high-margin silicones business.Earlier: Dow jumps on Q3 EPS beat, accelrated buyback, restructuring efforts Oct. 22, 2015, 2:09 PM | 9 Comments
Dow +7% on earnings beat, accelerated buyback plan, moves to revamp business
Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) +7.3% premarket after beating Q3 earnings estimates, raising its dividend and announcing plans to accelerate its stock buyback program.Dow says Q3 revenues fell 16% Y/Y to $12B, citing lower pricing and unfavorable currency moves; Dow generates two-thirds of its revenue outside the U.S., so the stronger U.S. dollar has hurt results in recent quarters.Q3 volume rose 2%, with gains in most operating segments, excluding Agricultural Sciences, led by Performance Plastics (up 5%) and Infrastructure Solutions and Consumer Solutions (both up 2%).Dow says it is increasing its quarterly dividend 10% to $0.46/share and will accelerate its three-year, $5B buyback program by repurchasing $1B worth of its stock in Q4 and the rest in 2016.Dow says it will review strategic options for its Dow AgroSciences business to "focus on creating new synergies in a consolidating agricultural market."Dow also will reduce stakes in two Kuwaiti joint ventures, cutting its stake in the MEGlobal JV by year-end and receiving pre-tax proceeds of $1.5B, and reduce its interest in the Greater EQUATE JV by mid-2016.Appoints James Fitterling as COO and becomes a vice chairman along with CFO Howard Ungerleider. Oct. 22, 2015, 7:57 AM
Dow Chemical beats by $0.13, misses on revenue
Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW): Q3 EPS of $0.82 beats by $0.13.Revenue of $12.04B (-16.4% Y/Y) misses by $340M. Oct. 22, 2015, 6:51 AM
Notable earnings before Thursday’s open
AB, ACAT, ACOR, ADS, AEP, ALK, APOL, ASPS, BCC, BEN, BHE, BMS, CAB, CAM, CAT, CBU, CEMP, COR, CRS, CY, DAN, DGX, DHR, DLX, DNKN, DOW, DPS, DST, EQM, EQT, FAF, FCX, FNB, GMT, GPK, GRA, HBAN, HUB.B, IVC, JNS, LAZ, LLY, LUV, MCD, MHO, MINI, MJN, MMM, NDAQ, NUE, NWE, ORI, PCP, PDS, PENN, PH, PHM, PRLB, PTEN, R, RCI, RS, RTN, SIRI, SJR, SNA, SQNS, STC, SWK, TCB, TROW, UA, UAL, UNP, USG, UTEK, WAB, WBC, WCC, XRS Oct. 21, 2015, 5:30 PM | 25 Comments
Dow Chemical aims to triple Africa revenue in five years
Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) plans to triple its revenue from sub-Saharan Africa in the next five years, and is investing in local staff and manufacturing plants to meet the target, Dow's head of the region tells Reuters.Dow sees opportunities in agriculture, where it supplies crop protection chemicals, infrastructure, where it offers water treatment chemicals, as well as in mining and manufacturing, says Ross McLean, without specifying the revenues the company already achieves there.Dow has opened hub offices in Kenya, to serve east Africa, and in Ghana, serving west Africa, and is opening offices in Ethiopia, Nigeria and Angola, as well as in other markets. Oct. 12, 2015, 8:52 AM
Dow Chemical closes split-off of chlorine value chain, shares surge
Dow Chemical (DOW +3.8%) shares are strong as the company closes the split-off transaction of its chlor-alkali and downstream derivatives business, and the merger of these businesses with Olin (NYSE:OLN) to create an industry leader with revenues approaching $7B.Dow says the deal is highly accretive, with a tax-efficient consideration of greater than $4.6B on an after-tax basis and taxable equivalent value in excess of $7B.Dow says it has exceeded its prior stated goal to divest $7B-$8.5B of non-strategic businesses and assets by mid-2016, with the total now approaching more than $12B in pre-tax proceeds.Dow also expects the exchange to return ~$1.5B in value to shareholders through the split-off, effectively completing $6.5B of its $9.5B share repurchase program. Oct. 5, 2015, 2:14 PM | 3 Comments
Huntsman -23% after warning of continued headwinds
Huntsman (HUN -23.8%) plunges by nearly 25% following an earnings warning from the company after Friday's market close that lower titanium dioxide pricing, currency headwinds, soft demand in Asia, lower oil prices and a delay in benefits from lower raw material prices will negatively impact Q3 earnings.HUN says it also sees lower margins for methyl tertiary butyl ether due to lower oil prices and forecast continued lower MDI urethane component product margins in the Asia Pacific region.CEO Peter Huntsman says he is "optimistic about the future" despite the short-term headwinds, and that the company anticipates Q4 adjusted EBITDA similar to Q3 at ~$300M, similar to last year's level; HUN also remains committed to a separation of the pigments and additives business by year-end 2016 or sooner.Other chemical companies also are lower: DOW -2.7%, DD -1.7%, EMN -4%, ASH -4.3%, CC -7.6%, KRO -1%, SHLM -3.1%, LYB -4.1%, SSL -4%, OTCQX:BASFY -1.3%. Sep. 28, 2015, 12:58 PM | 7 Comments
DuPont upgraded to Buy at Citi, which eyes potential company split
DuPont (DD -0.5%) is upgraded to Buy from Neutral with a $63 price target at Citigroup, which cites "tremendous value creation levers available" including additional cost cutting, returning more cash to shareholders and potentially splitting the company.The firm argues that splitting DuPont's ag/bio business from the materials businesses makes strategic sense since they are inherently different businesses, and such a move would be consistent with the portfolio simplification trend seen across many companies in chemicals.Citi also sees potential for DuPont to combine its ag business with Dow Chemical’s (DOW -1.6%), noting that Dow has a track record of developing new traits while DuPont’s high market share in seeds creates a natural distribution channel. Sep. 22, 2015, 10:17 AM | 14 Comments
Petrochem stocks jump as IRS considers rule change
Petrochemical stocks shoot higher after a senior IRS official says the companies may be eligible for tax-exempt status, as the agency is reconsidering an earlier proposal that would have prevented the companies from converting into MLPs.A favorable IRS ruling for Westlake Chemical (WLK +5.2%) in 2012 fueled speculation that the MLP structure long popular among pipeline operators could be utilized by chemical makers, but the IRS in May proposed new rules that said petrochemical production would not qualify for MLP status unless it was part of a larger refining operation.WLK and Westlake Chemical Partners (WLKP +8.4%) are surging today; also rising are peers including Eastman Chemical (EMN +2.2%), Dow Chemical (DOW +1.5%), LyondellBasel(LYB +1.2%) and PolyOne (POL +1.8%), which each have chemical businesses that could be candidates for an MLP. Sep. 21, 2015, 12:42 PM | 4 Comments
Dow Chemical endorsed at Wells Fargo, which sees material growth in Q3
Dow Chemical (DOW -1.3%) is added to the Priority Stock List at Wells Fargo, which sees company specific projects as the key driver along with an action plan to reduce spending, a dividend yield 75% higher than the S&P 500, aggressive share repurchase around the corner, and its long-held belief in the sustainability of Dow's above-average ethylene chain profits.Citing favorable quarter-to-date demand trends with increases in every segment and geography, the firm says China concerns appear overblown, and North America remains “a shining star" with favorable trends in packaging, auto and building and construction."Between all the actions Dow is taking to optimize its portfolio, and given a number of potential growth catalysts in the near-term, Dow’s shares remain attractive despite the decline in oil," the firm says, also citing a recently boosted dividend that puts the yield above the group average. Sep. 14, 2015, 12:32 PM | 3 Comments
Court says EPA erred in approving Dow pesticide harmful to bees
The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit rules that U.S. regulators were wrong in allowing an insecticide developed by Dow Chemical (DOW -0.1%) onto the market, canceling its approval and giving environmentalists a major victory.The ruling is significant for commercial beekeepers and others who say a dramatic decline in bee colonies needed to pollinate key food crops is tied to widespread use of the neonicotinoids class of insecticides.Dow says it disagrees with the ruling but will work with the EPA to implement the order and "promptly complete additional regulatory work to support the registration of the products." Sep. 10, 2015, 3:57 PM | 2 Comments
Dow Chemical declares $0.42 dividend
Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) declares $0.42/share quarterly dividend, in line with previous.Forward yield 3.92%Payable Oct. 30; for shareholders of record Sept. 30; ex-div Sept. 28. Sep. 4, 2015, 8:09 AM | 7 Comments
Dow Chemical beats EPS estimates as margins continue to expand
Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) +1.9% premarket after Q2 earnings beat expectations and operating margins rose for the 11th consecutive quarter, helped largely by low raw material costs at its plastics-making business.Lower prices for oil, used as a raw material for plastics in Europe, and propane, used for the same purpose in the U.S., contributed to higher earnings at the plastics unit, Dow’s largest business.Dow attributes its Y/Y revenue decline - including a 16% Y/Y sales drop in its plastics unit to $4.8B - to currency fluctuations and lower oil prices; overall revenues rose 4% Q/Q, including a 14% jump in China and a 6% increase in the U.S.Dow's margins have remained strong due to cost-cutting efforts, rising to almost 19% in Q2 from 15% a year ago; cost of sales fell 18%.Q2 cash flow from operations totals $2.7B YTD; the company returned $1.5B to stockholders in dividends and buybacks in the quarter."We see growing momentum in construction, packaging and automotive markets outweighing some softness in agriculture and energy-related markets, and we are geographically positioned to grow where growth exists," CEO ANdrew Liveris says. Jul. 23, 2015, 8:18 AM
Dow Chemical beats by $0.08, misses on revenue
Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW): Q2 EPS of $0.91 beats by $0.08.Revenue of $12.9B (-13.5% Y/Y) misses by $60M. Jul. 23, 2015, 7:03 AM
Notable earnings before Thursday’s open
ABB, ABC, ADS, AEP, ALK, AMAG, AOS, ASPS, BCC, BHE, BKU, BMS, BMY, BSX, CAB, CAM, CAT, CELG, CFX, CLFD, CMCSA, CMS, COR, CS, CSL, CY, DAN, DFRG, DGX, DHR, DLX, DNKN, DOW, DPS, DST, EQM, EQT, FAF, FCX, FIS, FNB, GM, GMT, GNTX, GPI, GPK, HBAN, HERO, HUB.B, IMAX, IQNT, IVC, JNS, KKR, KMB, LAZ, LLY, LUV, MAC, MCD, MHO, MINI, MJN, MMM, MNRO, MRGE, NDAQ, NEO, NUE, NWE, ORI, PDS, PENN, PHM, PRLB, PTEN, QSII, R, RCI, RS, RTN, SCHL, SFE, SHPG, SNA, SQNS, STC, STM, SYNT, TCB, TROW, UA, UAL, UNP, USG, UTEK, VAC, VRX, WAB, WCC, WIT, WM, WRLD, XRS Jul. 22, 2015, 5:30 PM | 5 Comments
Dow Chemical weedkiller may cause cancer, WHO agency says
Dow Chemical's (NYSE:DOW) widely used 2,4-D weedkiller is added to a World Health Organization list of potential carcinogens, just three months after the agency made a controversial assessment of Monsanto’s (NYSE:MON) glyphosate herbicide.2,4-D - used for 70 years to control weeds in wheat, corn and soybean fields as well as gardens and lawns - is “possibly carcinogenic to humans," according to a report from the WHO's International Agency for Research on Cancer.Dow strongly objects, saying the IARC’s classification is inconsistent with government findings in nearly 100 countries that have found 2,4-D is safe to use as directed.The IARC says 2,4-D is less of a cancer hazard than glyphosate, but that if finds strong epidemiological evidence that the weedkiller induces oxidative stress and moderate evidence that it suppresses the immune system. Jun. 23, 2015, 3:15 PM | 19 Comments
$1B Dow Chemical settlement over price-fixing judgment scuttled
Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) and plaintiffs that won a $1B judgment against it over claims it artificially inflated polyurethane prices indicated in a Supreme Court filing today that they were settling the case but then backtracked, and both sides now say no settlement has been reached.The parties had reached a written settlement conditioned upon the Supreme Court justices putting the case on hold; the court has not yet acted on the petition filed by Dow contesting the judgment but the case has not been put on hold.Several companies including Dow had been accused in a 2005 lawsuit of conspiring to fix prices of urethane chemicals in the preceding six years, but Dow was the only defendant not to settle; it was found liable in 2013 for $400M of damages, tripled under antitrust law to $1.2B, then reduced to $1.06B. Jun. 15, 2015, 5:30 PM | 1 Comment
Dow Chemical defends CEO against report of SEC probe
Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) is out in defense of its CEO after Reuters reported yesterday that Andrew Liveris was being investigated by the SEC over allegations of using company funds for personal benefit.In a statement late yesterday, Dow said the report "simply recycled old allegations that the company made public long ago and addressed through independent review, enhanced audits, and improved controls."Reuters reported that it learned the SEC issued subpoenas for "thousands of pages of documents and testimony" as part of a whistleblower retaliation lawsuit last year by a former company employee. Jun. 5, 2015, 8:36 AM | 1 Comment
Reuters: SEC issued subpoenas for info in Dow Chemical whistleblower suit
The SEC is investigating allegations that Dow Chemical (DOW -0.1%) Chairman and CEO Andrew Liveris misused company funds for personal benefit, Reuters reports.It is not clear whether the SEC probe is limited to the spending allegations or is broader in scope, but the report says the SEC did issue subpoenas for thousands of pages of documents and testimony that were part of a whistleblower retaliation lawsuit brought last year by a former Dow employee.A Reuters report last month said other Dow employees, including a former chief auditor, had questioned whether Liveris used his position for personal benefit. Jun. 4, 2015, 2:19 PM | 6 Comments
Dow Chemical may look to Australia for growth
Dow Chemical (DOW +0.7%) has Australia on its radar as a potential market, CEO Andrew Liveris tells The Australian, noting that its recent exit from the chlorine business and lower global energy prices have put the company in a strong position.Dow is "at record profits, record cash flows, record numbers of patents, record new products, but we are restless for growth," the CEO says. "We have a tremendous amount of investment opportunities in front of us that we are prioritizing... One of the reasons that I come to Australia is to see if Australia can be one of those."Liveris also remarks that he might consider retirement within the next two years. Jun. 3, 2015, 11:49 AM | 1 Comment
Dow Chemical to benefit from big drop in propane prices, analyst says
Benchmark propane prices are trading below $0.40/gal for the first time in more than a decade, vs. a 2014 average price of $1.04, as current propane inventories are 89% higher than their 20-year average for this time of the year, Goldman Sachs' Ronald Koort says, noting "real concerns" that the U.S. will run out of storage capacity before October 2015.The analyst thinks that's good news for Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW), as the drop in propane prices will stimulate increased use as a petrochemical feedstock for ethylene production, and propane is used for ~40% of Dow's U.S. feedslate.Noting that Dow consumes 2B-plus gal/year of propane in the U.S. - meaning that a $0.10/gal shift in propane costs could reduce its costs by $200M/year - Koort raises his 2015, 2016 and 2017 EPS for Dow to a respective $3.03, $4.09 and $4.70 from his earlier projections of $2.96, $3.95 and $4.55. May 28, 2015, 6:42 PM | 3 Comments
Dow Chemical declares $0.42 dividend
Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) declares $0.42/share quarterly dividend, in line with previous.Forward yield 3.31%Payable July 30; for shareholders of record June 30; ex-div June 26. May 14, 2015, 8:12 AM
DuPont's victory over Trian is not good news, Citi says
DuPont (DD -6%) remains sharply lower after Nelson Peltz's Trian Fund Management lost its proxy fight and failed to get any of its nominees elected to the company's board, and Citigroup analysts agree that it's not good news.Although Trian lost, Citi thinks DuPont will be under greater shareholder scrutiny going forward even though the result was a big win for CEO Ellen Kullman and management, with cost reductions and share repurchases taking the primary focus in the near-term.DuPont also "may have to play more offense" in agriculture after spending the last several months playing defense in the proxy battle; the firm says it sees logic in combining DD's and Dow Chemical's (NYSE:DOW) ag businesses.Trian may not be patient and may exit its position over time, offering a potential overhang on DD shares, Citi says. May 13, 2015, 2:15 PM | 23 Comments
Dow Chemical defends CEO's expenses, says any issues resolved long ago
Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) is defending its CEO against allegations that he misspent company funds, saying his expenses had been investigated and any issues resolved several years ago.The allegations were initially raised in whistleblowing lawsuits brought by a former employee who said Dow had retaliated against her for raising questions about spending by CEO Andrew Liveris; she settled with Dow in February on terms that have not been disclosed.Today, Reuters reported that more former Dow employees, including the company’s top auditor, had raised questions about improper expenditures by Liveris; Dow says the article is "an attempt to sensationalize and personalize matters that were thoroughly investigated... and were long since found to be appropriately resolved." May 6, 2015, 9:25 PM | 8 Comments
Dow Chemical defends CEO
Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) issued a strong defense of CEO Andrew Liveris after investigating allegations the exec misspent company funds.The accusations first became public in whistleblower lawsuits filed against Dow.Liveris has also felt some heat from activist investors over the last year, including Third Point which is calling for a spinoff of the commodity business. May 6, 2015, 9:24 PM
IRS proposes new rules on who may form MLPs, says no to chemical makers
Westlake Chemicals (NYSE:WLK) and Westlake Chemical Partners (NYSE:WLKP) fell sharply today after the IRS proposed new rules that would bar chemical manufacturers from forming MLPs but allow many energy-related companies to use the structure to raise money.Pipeline operators and other energy logistics firms have long structured themselves as MLPs to raise capital; newer partnerships, such as those that find and extract oil and natural gas or refine it into fuel also still would be allowed, as would many oilfield services providers that haul, treat, recycle or store the wastewater from oil and gas wells.But the IRS says petrochemical production does not qualify unless it is part of a larger refining operation, nor does production of timber products such as wood pulp and paper.In today's trade: WLK -5.2%, WLKP -9.9%, AXLL -3.6%, OLN -3.2%, DOW -0.5%. May 5, 2015, 5:56 PM | 4 Comments
Bloomberg: Monsanto-Syngenta mega-merger would drive more deals
Syngenta (NYSE:SYT) fell 7.6% in today's trade, giving up some but not all of its 16% gain on Friday that was sparked by talk that Monsanto (NYSE:MON) had approached the company about a takeover.The biggest concern for regulatory approval may involve what would be an unprecedented market share in soybeans and corn seeds for the combined company, and analysts say SYT’s operations in those areas would appeal to a range of buyers including Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW), DuPont (NYSE:DD), BASF (OTCQX:BASFY, OTCPK:BFFAF) and Bayer (OTCPK:BAYZF, OTCPK:BAYRY).Colin Isaac of Atlantic Equities says the deal he always expected to happen is a DuPont purchase of Dow's agriculture unit; CEO Andrew Liveris has suggested Dow is open to divesting the unit, and MON's becoming a much stronger competitor after an SYT takeover could be a catalyst for Dow to more seriously consider exiting the business, which Issac says would be prime pickings for DuPont and its Pioneer seed business.A $19.5B bid by DuPont for Dow’s ag sciences business could generate a 7% return on invested capital, according to a report by Laurence Alexander at Jefferies, while adding that such a move is less likely until agricultural markets improve from current trough levels. May 4, 2015, 6:35 PM | 5 Comments
Dow Chemical to cut up to 1,750 jobs in restructuring move
Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) says it plans to cut 1,500-1,750 jobs, or as much as 3% of its global workforce, as part of a restructuring aimed at reducing costs by $1B over three years.Dow says it will record charges of $330M-$380M in Q2 related to the restructuring.Dow says the moves will streamline its organization following the announced plan to separate its chlorine business.DOW +0.5% premarket. May 4, 2015, 8:19 AM | 1 Comment
Bloomberg: Monsanto approaches Syngenta again about a takeover
Syngenta (NYSE:SYT) +12.6% AH after Bloomberg reports it has been approached by Monsanto (NYSE:MON) about a possible takeover.Combined with SYT, MON would become the largest player in the world for both seeds and crop chemicals and a formidable competitor to Bayer (OTCPK:BAYZF, OTCPK:BAYRY), BASF (OTCQX:BASFY, OTCPK:BFFAF) and Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW).Reports last year had said the companies held preliminary talks with advisers about a combination before SYT management decided against negotiations. Apr. 30, 2015, 4:55 PM | 1 Comment
Dow Chemical to sell AgroFresh in $810M deal
Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) agrees to sell its AgroFresh unit, which makes chemicals that keep farm produce fresh, in a cash and stock deal valued $810M to Boulevard Acquisition Corp. (NASDAQ:BLVD), which is part of the Avenue Capital investment firm.AgroFresh will become a Nasdaq-traded entity with an initial enterprise value of $879M; Dow will retain a minority stake.Dow says AgroFresh is focused on the post-harvest market, which does not align with the rest of its portfolio, and says the sale is part of its plan to divest less-lucrative units. Apr. 30, 2015, 8:39 AM
Corning drops on CLSA downgrade; Dow Corning posts Q1 results
CLSA has downgraded Corning (GLW -3.1%) to Sell from Underperform a day after the company posted mixed Q1 results. The firm thinks LCD TV glass comps will be tougher in 2H15 - the division's revenue fell 13% Y/Y in Q1 thanks to a weak yen - and that high inventories and lower forex hedging gains will also act as headwinds.Meanwhile, the company's Dow Corning JV with Dow Chemical (DOW -0.6%) has posted its Q1 results: Revenue fell 11% Y/Y to $1.36B, and adjusted net income 8% to $101M.Weak sales of polysilicon (used in solar cell/module production) weighed on Dow Corning's results - the company blames "the timing of customers taking product under long-term contracts." Its silicones business "experienced volume growth in several of its highly specialized product lines, especially for materials sold in construction, healthcare and packaging applications," but also saw a 4.7% revenue growth impact from a strong dollar.The JV is less than 5 months removed from announcing it's shutting down a Clarksville, TN polysilicon plant, and taking a related $1.5B-$1.6B charge. On its CC (transcript), Corning stated it expects its share of Dow Corning's earnings will rise to $60M in Q2 (implies total adjusted net income of $120M) from $51M in Q1; silicones sales are expected to be flat Y/Y, and polysilicon sales lower. Apr. 29, 2015, 10:01 AM | 2 Comments
Dow profit beats estimates, operating EBITDA margin rises to 10-year high
Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) +1.5% premarket as Q1 earnings beat expectations, overshadowing a 14% Y/Y drop in revenue that was held back by lower selling prices, crude oil prices and negative currency impacts.Operating EBITDA margins rose nearly three percentage points to their highest level since 2005, as Dow's shift in focus to high-margin businesses such as performance plastics and infrastructure solutions from volatile commodity businesses paid off.Sales volumes rose in performance plastics, up 6%, and performance materials and chemicals and consumer solutions, both up 5%.Operating cash flow was $1.2B, a Q1 record and an increase of more than $660M from last year's Q1.Dow says it expects geopolitical and economic uncertainty throughout 2015, although it projects the oil market to be more favorable behind growing global demand in the coming quarters. Apr. 23, 2015, 8:21 AM
Dow Chemical beats by $0.08, misses on revenue
Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW): Q1 EPS of $0.84 beats by $0.08.Revenue of $12.37B (-14.0% Y/Y) misses by $670M.Shares +0.4% PM. Apr. 23, 2015, 7:02 AM | 2 Comments
Notable earnings before Thursday’s open
ABBV, AEP, ALK, ALXN, ASPS, AVT, BAX, BBT, BCC, BEAV, BHE, BKU, BMS, BTU, CAB, CAM, CAT, CFX, CLFD, CLI, CMS, COL, COR, CSL, DAN, DGX, DHR, DLX, DNKN, DOW, DPS, DPZ, DST, EQM, EQT, ERIC, FAF, FCX, FNB, GM, GMT, GPK, GRA, HP, HSY, HUB.B, IQNT, IR, IVC, JAH, JCI, JNS, KKR, LAZ, LLY, LTM, LUV, MDP, MDSO, MHO, MJN, MMM, MO, MTH, NDAQ, NUE, NVS, NWE, ORI, PENN, PEP, PG, PHM, PII, PNK, PRLB, PTEN, RS, RTIX, RTN, SFE, SNA, SQNS, STC, SUI, SWK, SXC, SYNT, UAL, UNP, USG, UTEK, WBC, WCC, WNS Apr. 22, 2015, 5:30 PM | 2 Comments
10 high-quality S&P 500 stocks that yield 3.5% and up - Barron's
T, PM, VZ, DUK, STX, GM, GE, MCD, CAT and DOW are 10 “high-quality” S&P 500 stocks with dividend yields of 3.5-5.7% and promising growth potential, Barron’s says, citing Howard Silverblatt of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services.60 companies in the S&P 500 yield 3.5% or more, but the above stocks cover their dividends from estimated 2015 earnings. The list also excludes REITs and MLPs. Apr. 5, 2015, 9:18 AM | 64 Comments
EPA will require weed resistance restrictions on Monsanto's Roundup
The EPA says it will place new restrictions on glyphosate, the key ingredient in Monsanto's (NYSE:MON) popular Roundup weed killer, to help address the rapid expansion of weeds resistant to the chemical.The EPA is not yet giving specifics of the plan, but Reuters says the requirements will be similar to those placed on a new herbicide product developed by Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW), which included weed monitoring, farmer education and remediation plans.The EPA's action comes in the wake of a finding by the World Health Organization's cancer research unit earlier this month that glyphosate is probably carcinogenic to humans. Mar. 31, 2015, 6:52 PM | 5 Comments
Dow Chemical deal is "transformative... good for shareholders," analyst says
In a dig at Third Point's Daniel Loeb, Dow Chemical (DOW +3.2%) CEO Andrew Liveris says his company's decisive move to shift out of the commodity chemicals business shows how “Dow continues to behave as our own best activist.”Dow's deal to sell its chlor-alkali business to Olin (OLN +18.2%) in exchange for $2B and a 50.5% stake in the smaller company will create the world’s largest chlorine producer with 5.7B tons/year of production and $1B in EBITDA.Citigroup’s P.J. Juvekar offers three reasons why the deal is good for shareholders: The chlor-alkali divestiture at 8x EBITDA is a great multiple for a commodity business, the Reverse Morris Trust deal makes it tax-free and a split-off will allow Dow to buy back its own shares efficiently - a similar move by PPG Industries was viewed very positively two years ago, and Dow will sell ethylene to OLN for 20 years and will receive an upfront payment of ~$400M.Dow may still get rid of its agricultural chemicals business, which does not have a lot in common with the rest of the business; with $7.3B in sales and almost $1B in EBITDA last year, the unit could be worth $10B.Juvekar says Axiall (AXLL +5%) also could benefit from the deal, seeing consolidation in the U.S. chlor-alkali industry as a positive, and OLN says it will look to optimize its expanded chlor-alkali asset base. Mar. 27, 2015, 3:27 PM
Dow Chemical to split off chlor-alkali unit, merge it with Olin
Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) says it will split off a major part of its chlorine business and merge it with Olin Corp. (NYSE:OLN) in a deal valued at $5B.The new entity, which will include Dow’s U.S. Gulf Coast chlor-alkali and vinyl, global chlorinated organics and epoxy businesses, is expected to have revenue of nearly $7B.The move comes as Dow faces criticism of its structure from the Third Point hedge fund, which has pressured Dow to break apart its petrochemicals business from its specialty chemicals segment.DOW +6.1%, OLN +4.8% premarket. Mar. 27, 2015, 7:24 AM | 9 Comments
Olin downgraded to Sell at UBS on dim view of chlor-alkali business
Olin (OLN -3.8%) is downgraded to Sell from Neutral with a $25 price target at UBS, which says the sum of the parts argument for OLN following the Vista Outdoor spin is less compelling the higher the stock moves, and the firm believes channel inventory declines have not bottomed yet.While OLN made positive comments about the potential for a chlorine/caustic recovery on its Q4 earnings call, the sentiment was not echoed by competitors Axiall (AXLL -1.2%) and Westlake (WLK +0.5%), and Dow Chemical (DOW +0.1%) is selling its operations partly because of depressed results.UBS views chlor-alkali as a shale gas advantaged business, where supply has increased in recent years, plus the natural gas advantage has declined with the fall in oil prices. Mar. 23, 2015, 12:50 PM | 4 Comments
New EU law on GMO crops clears the way for approvals
EU politicians today will sign a new law on the cultivation of GMO crops in the European Union, clearing the way for a wave of approvals after years of deadlock.One of the first crops to gain endorsement likely will be the insect resistant corn 1507 that developers DuPont (NYSE:DD) and Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) have been waiting 14 years for authorization to cultivate in the EU.The compromise law gives member states the right to ban GMO crops even after European Commission approvals; Britain favors GMO crops, while France is among the nations that oppose them. Mar. 11, 2015, 8:12 AM
Dow Chemical, Saudis to go forward with $20B chemical plant
Saudi Arabian Oil Co. and partner Dow Chemical (DOW -0.6%) say they plan to move ahead to start production this year at their $20B Sadara Chemical joint venture project, even as other projects being planned in the region confront falling crude prices.Ethylene and polyethylene will be Sadara's first products, with full output set for late 2017.Qatar Petroleum and Royal Dutch Shell last month curtailed plans to build a $6.5B petrochemical plant, saying it was commercially unfeasible in the current energy market. Feb. 17, 2015, 10:56 AM | 1 Comment
Dow Chemical declares $0.42 dividend
Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) declares $0.42/share quarterly dividend, in line with previous.Forward yield 3.49%Payable April 30; for shareholders of record March 31; ex-div March 27. Feb. 12, 2015, 9:04 AM
Dow Chemical rallies after strong Q4 earnings beat
Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) +4.5% premarket after Q4 earnings easily beat Wall Street expectations and the company offers a strong outlook for 2015.Q4 revenue was flat at $14.38B, as volume gains in emerging areas were offset by 14% price declines in Western Europe, including currency headwinds.DQ4 saw expanded volume in most segments, led by a 9% increase in agriculture sciences, while performance materials rose 7% and performance plastics added 3%."We believe lower oil prices are a relative positive for Dow and a boost for the global economy," CEO Andrew Liveris says, rebutting critics who have said Dow's competitive edge may be fading amid falling oil prices (on CNBC). Jan. 29, 2015, 8:17 AM | 1 Comment
Dow Chemical beats by $0.16, misses on revenues
Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW): Q4 EPS of $0.85 beats by $0.16.Revenue of $14.38B (flat Y/Y) misses by $110M. Jan. 29, 2015, 7:04 AM | 4 Comments
Notable earnings before Thursday’s open
ABT, AIT, ALLY, ALV, ALXN, APD, BABA, BAX, BC, BEAV, BMS, BX, CAH, CAM, CELG, CHKP, CL, CLFD, CMS, COH, COP, CRR, CSH, DGX, DHX, DOW, DST, EMC, EPD, F, GLOP, HAE, HAR, HGG, HOG, HP, HSY, HUB.B, ITG, IVZ, JBLU, KELYA, KEM, KMT, LLL, LRN, LSTR, MD, MJN, MMYT, MTH, NDAQ, NOC, NOK, NYCB, OSTK, OXY, PENN, PHM, POT, PSX, PSXP, RCI, RCL, RDS.A, RGLD, RGS, RTN, RYL, SHW, SILC, SWK, SXC, TCB, TDY, TKR, TMO, TWC, UBSI, VIAB, VLO, VLY, VRTS, WCC, WILN, WRLD, XEL, ZMH Jan. 28, 2015, 5:30 PM | 18 Comments
Sinking oil prices are pulling down petrochemical companies
Surging U.S. operations for LyondellBasell (NYSE:LYB) and Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) have made them two of the biggest beneficiaries of the shale boom, but now they could be among the biggest losers of the ongoing oil price crash, Credit Suisse says.Chemical companies have been sharply expanding their U.S. production to take advantage of plentiful supply, but they are suffering along with energy companies as prices for natural gas liquids - which include ethane, propane, butane, isobutane and natural gasoline - have all plummeted this year.Prices for the fuels are closely linked to oil, so the ~45% drop in crude prices has pressured NGLs; also, many U.S. petrochemicals companies were counting on access to cheap supplies of naphtha, an oil product, to gain an advantage over international competitors, but naphtha prices also have fallen. Dec. 19, 2014, 10:58 AM | 21 Comments
Dow Corning shuttering plant, taking $1.5B-$1.6B charge
Corning (NYSE:GLW) and Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) disclose their 50/50 Dow Corning JV is shutting down its Hemlock Semiconductor facility in Clarksville, TN, which makes polysilicon for solar cells and semiconductors. (8-Ks: Corning, Dow)The decision was made after a "review of sustained adverse market conditions and continued oversupply, the cost of operating the facility and the ongoing impact of tariffs on polycrystalline silicon imported into China." A $1.5B-$1.6B pre-tax charge will be taken.At the same time, Dow Corning has cut its estimate for the company's future liability related to its 1998 breast implant settlement by $1.3B; the liability stood at $1.7B at the end of Q3.Corning and Dow Chemical each expect to see a $500M post-tax hit from the closing of the Hemlock plant, and a $400M post-tax benefit from the liability estimate cut.GLW +0.9% AH. Dec. 17, 2014, 5:55 PM
Dow Chemical rated Buy at Nomura, which sees improved earnings growth
Dow Chemical (DOW -1.1%) is initiated with a Buy rating and a $57 stock price target at Nomura, which says earnings growth should accelerate above typical levels as it begins to harvest major capital investments in H2 2015.In addition to new projects, Nomura sees 3%-6% growth in Dow's base business of making chemicals for end markets; the firm also cites Dow's improving portfolio as it sheds $8B-plus in commodity and non-core assets, and lower capex after a 2015 peak that should aid ongoing share buybacks. Dec. 16, 2014, 3:39 PM
Dow Chemical to sell assets for combined $225M
Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) agrees to sell its global sodium borohydride business and its polyolefin films plant for a combined ~$225M, as it continues to shift its portfolio towards targeted growth markets.DOW says the deal are part of its drive to deliver $7B-$8.5B in sales of non-core assets by mid-2016. Dec. 5, 2014, 8:56 AM
Dow Chemical -5.4% on downgrade, oil plunge
Atlantic Equities has downgraded Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) to Neutral, and slashed its target by $5 to $55. The firm expects weak crude oil prices to pressure Dow's polyolefin margins.Crude prices have plunged below $70/barrel today after OPEC decided not to cut production. Commodity stocks aren't taking the news well. Nov. 28, 2014, 11:53 AM | 15 Comments
GMO seed makers limit U.S. launches in wake of China rejections
China’s barriers to imports of some U.S. genetically modified crops are disrupting seed companies' plans for new product launches and keeping at least one variety out of the U.S. market altogether, Reuters reports.Dow AgroSciences (NYSE:DOW) and Syngenta (NYSE:SYT) are tightly controlling U.S. launches of new GMO seeds, telling farmers where they can plant new corn and soybean varieties and how can the use them, while Bayer CropScience (OTCPK:BAYZF, OTCPK:BAYRY) is keeping a new soybean variety on hold until it receives Chinese import approval.China is taking longer than in the past to approve new GMO crops and began rejecting U.S. imports a year ago, saying they were tainted with a GMO corn variety approved in the U.S. but not in China.Controlled launches are at best a temporary fix because they are costly, complicated and risk accidental contamination of other export grains, says the head of the U.S. Soybean Export Council. Nov. 25, 2014, 11:11 AM
Oil at $75 won’t shut in much U.S. shale, Dow CEO Liveris says
Oil at $75/bbl would have little impact on U.S. shale production because investments in wells and production already have been made, Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) Andrew Liveris says.Some U.S. shale producers are getting hurt by the drop in oil prices, but Dow sells enough different products that it can withstand lower crude, Liveris says.$75/bbl has been mentioned as a price where some shale regions in Texas are no longer considered profitable. Nov. 24, 2014, 4:36 PM | 1 Comment
Dow Chemical not leaving Kuwait
"We are not pulling out of Kuwait," says Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) Chief Executive Andrew Liveris on the sidelines of a conference in Dubai. The company is not planning to leave, but is rather shifting strategy.Dow announced earlier this month that it would cut its equity positions in all of its Kuwaiti joint ventures, in order to release capital for other strategic purposes. Nov. 24, 2014, 7:15 AM
Dow Chemical to add four independent directors to board
Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) +2.3% premarket after reaching a deal with Dan Loeb's hedge fund Third Point to add four new directors to Dow's board, including two prposed by Loeb; Third Point also agreed to a one-year standstill agreement.The four directors will be included in Dow's nominees for election at the 2015 annual meeting.The move puts to rest the possibility of a long fight over Dow’s board. Nov. 21, 2014, 9:11 AM | 4 Comments
Pay controversy arises in Dow Chemical-Third Point feud
Third Point would pay Dow Chemical (DOW -0.5%) board nominees more if the company's stock rises during their board tenure, WSJ reports, reviving a controversial compensation structure and adding to tension between Dow and Dan Loeb's hedge fund.The planned arrangement is said to have been was a key reason Dow rejected Loeb's nominees as directors last week, placing Dow and Third Point on the verge of a full-blown proxy fight.If the nominees end up on the board, Third Point plans to compensate them in connection with the company’s stock performance; activists say such payments reward directors for helping increase shares’ value, which benefits all company investors, but critics say the arrangement creates an uneven playing field in the boardroom where directors don’t all share the same incentives. Nov. 17, 2014, 3:31 PM | 6 Comments
Freeport LNG secures DoE approval, clears last regulatory hurdle
Freeport LNG's project to export liquefied natural gas from Texas becomes the third major proposed terminal to receive full federal authorization, as the U.S. Department of Energy approves Freeport to ship 1.8B cf/day from Quintana Island, Tex., to countries that do not have free trade agreements with the U.S.FERC, which is responsible for review of a gas export facility's design, engineering and environmental footprint, authorized the construction and operation of the proposed facility in an order issued July 30.ConocoPhillips (NYSE:COP) and Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) are part of Freeport LNG's ownership structure. Nov. 14, 2014, 5:32 PM | 4 Comments
Cramer sees Dow Chemical in "smart, aggressive buyback"
Dow Chemical (DOW +1%) says it "fundamentally disagrees" with the position outlined by Dan Loeb's Third Point hedge fund in its latest statement and new website, which the company says reflect the views of "an activist investor that has little interest in anything that benefits [Dow's] many long-term shareholders."Jim Cramer is now a fan of Dow, citing the company as an example of a buyback done right; combining Dow's $5B increase in its buyback plan with its total repurchase authorization totals ~17% of market cap.Cramer also sees buyback opportunities in FLEX, JACK, M, DIS, KMB, VIA, DPS and AZN. Nov. 14, 2014, 10:38 AM | 5 Comments
Loeb escalates Dow Chemical campaign with website, advisory board
Daniel Loeb is stepping up his activist campaign to pressure Dow Chemical (DOW +0.3%) for change, launching a website and hiring industry officials it could nominate to the company's board.The website argues that Dow has failed to live up to its promises to shareholders, but does not offer specific steps the company should take.Loeb's Third Point hedge fund also is hiring AIG Chairman Steve Miller and former Foster Wheeler Chairman/CEO Ray Milchovich as advisers who could later be nominated as Dow directors.Earlier this week, Dow raised its dividend, revealed plans for an additional $5B in share buybacks, agreed to sell a unit for $1.2B, and increased its goal for divesting low-margin units to $7B-$8.5B by mid-2016. Nov. 13, 2014, 3:42 PM | 1 Comment
Dow Chemical sells Angus Chemical for $1.125B, to sell more assets
Dow Chemical (DOW +0.9%) agrees to sell its Angus Chemical specialty chemicals unit to P-E firm Golden Gate Capital for $1.215B.Dow says the sale aligns with its efforts to achieve its target of $4.5B-$6B in proceeds from shedding non-strategic assets and businesses by year-end 2015; so far, Dow has amassed $2.5B toward remunerating shareholders, reducing debt and funding growth.Dow also says it plans to cut stakes in all of its Kuwait joint ventures, and is realigning its external reporting segments to better reflect its low-cost strategy and to fully integrate across key value chains. Nov. 12, 2014, 2:32 PM | 1 Comment
Dow Chemical declares $0.42 dividend
Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) declares $0.42/share quarterly dividend, 14% increase from prior dividend of $0.37.Forward yield 3.39%Payable Jan 30; for shareholders of record Dec. 31; ex-div Dec. 29.The board announced $5B share repurchase program bringing total to $9.5B.Shares +1.2% PM. Nov. 12, 2014, 8:43 AM | 1 Comment
Golden Gate in the lead to acquire Dow Chemical's Angus
Golden Gate Capital has so far outbid other buyout firms, including Onex (OTCPK:ONEXF) and Metalmark Capital, in the battle to acquire Angus Chemical, a specialty chemicals subsidiary of Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW).Golden Gate has put in a bid for more than $1B, Reuters reports.Dow has been facing investor pressure to sell off its less-lucrative businesses and return more money to shareholders. Most recently, activist investor Daniel Loeb urged the company to separate its commoditized raw materials businesses from its specialty chemicals operations. Nov. 10, 2014, 3:35 AM
Freeport LNG announces financing for first liquefaction unit
Freeport LNG export project has secured financing for the first of three liquefaction units proposed for a natural gas export terminal.Japan's Osaka Gas and Chubu Electric Power, which previously contracted to buy the liquefied natural gas from the plant, will invest $1.2B in the project while Freeport LNG will borrow $3.85B from some Japanese banks to pay for the construction of the first train.ConocoPhillips (NYSE:COP) and Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) are the most well known of the project's partners. Oct. 30, 2014, 12:33 PM | 2 Comments
Dow CEO Liveris takes Loeb pressure in stride
Dow Chemical (DOW -0.8%) CEO Andrew Liveris said during today's earnings conference call that he has been continuing to speak with Dan Loeb of Third Point Capital and other shareholders about how to raise Dow’s share price.Liveris denied any "adversarial” relationship with Loeb and promised to listen to his analysis, agreed with Loeb that Dow needs to "show where we’re making money," and suggested an investor day next month would offer greater clarity.The CEO added that Dow was close to reaching a “running rate” of EBITDA of $10B/year “in the near term," an objective the company first set in 2009.Falling oil prices have sparked investor concerns about Dow and other U.S. petrochemical manufacturers, but Liveris said the plunging prices will stimulate national economies and help rather than hurt its plastics business next year. Oct. 22, 2014, 3:44 PM | 1 Comment
Dow Chemical surges on upbeat Q3 earnings
Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) +3.2% premarket after reporting a 44% Y/Y rise in Q3 earnings, which also beat analyst expectations.Performance plastics, Dow’s biggest revenue driver, posted an 8.5% sales gain to $3.92B, performance materials sales rose 8% to $3.57B, and feedstocks and energy segment sales gained 2% to $2.4B.Sales rose in all geographic areas; sales in developed geographies gained 4%, led by North America, where sales rose 7%.EBITDA rose 24% to $2.3B, while adjusted EBITDA margin widened more than 240 bps to 15.9%. Oct. 22, 2014, 8:10 AM | 2 Comments
Dow Chemical beats by $0.04, beats on revenue
Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW): Q3 EPS of $0.72 beats by $0.04.Revenue of $14.4B (+5.1% Y/Y) beats by $90M. Oct. 22, 2014, 7:02 AM
Freeport LNG begins widening Houston Ship Channel
Freeport LNG says it has started work on a $30M project to widen the Houston Ship Channel harbor from 400 ft. to 600 ft.The dredging project not only benefits Freeport LNG, which counts ConocoPhillips (NYSE:COP) and Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) among its partners, but should significantly improve the channel’s safety and speed up traffic, port officials say.Freeport LNG received U.S. approval Friday to begin construction on its liquefaction and pre-treating facilities, another step forward for the conditionally approved liquefied natural gas export terminal. Oct. 21, 2014, 5:58 PM | 4 Comments
Notable earnings before Wednesday’s open
ABB, ABT, ANGI, APH, BA, BABY, BEAV, BIIB, BPOP, BSX, DOW, EMC, EVR, FDML, FNB, GD, GNTX, GRA, HCBK, ICLR, IPG, IR, KNX, LL, MDCO, MKTX, NOC, NSC, NTRS, NYCB, OC, PII, R, SEIC, SLGN, SPG, SWK, TMO, TUP, USB, WIT, WRLD, XRX Oct. 21, 2014, 5:30 PM
EPA approves Dow Chemicals' Enlist herbicide for GMO soy, corn
Dow Chemical (DOW -3.4%) says the EPA has given final approval to its new Enlist Duo herbicide, which is designed to be used with new genetically modified crops developed by Dow.The approval includes a series of restrictions to address potential environmental and health hazards: Dow must closely monitor and report to EPA to ensure that weeds are not becoming resistant to the herbicide, a 30-ft. in-field "no spray" buffer zone must be used around application areas, and use is banned when wind speeds are more than 15 MPH.EPA says it will review its approval of Enlist Duo in six years rather than the usual 15 years. Oct. 15, 2014, 2:08 PM
Dow Chemical-Exxon JV to become Dow subsidiary
Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) says its Univation Technologies joint venture with Exxon Mobil (NYSE:XOM) will become a Dow subsidiary, as part of its efforts to streamline its joint ventures.Univation, currently a 50-50 JV between Dow and XOM affiliates, will become part of Dow's performance plastics operating segment.Earlier: Dow Chemical to sell up to $6B of non-strategic business, assets by FY 2015. Oct. 2, 2014, 9:06 AM | 1 Comment
Dow Chemical to sell up to $6B of non-strategic business, assets by FY 2015
Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) says it plans to raise more than $2B from three chemical businesses it is putting up for sale as part of a plan to raise $4.5B-$6B from asset sales.Dow expects to sign deals for its Angus Chemical and AgroFresh subsidiaries, as well as its sodium borohydride business, by the end of the year, with the deals closing in early 2015.Dow adds that it has completed the sale of a portion of its North America rail car fleet for nearly $450M in proceeds. Oct. 2, 2014, 8:39 AM
Dow Chemical fails to overturn $1.06B price-fixing award
Dow Chemical's (DOW -1.6%) bid to throw out a $1.06B price-fixing verdict imposed after customers accused it of conspiring to artificially inflate polyurethane prices is rejected by a U.S. appeals court, which says there is enough evidence to support the class action award.The 10th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Denver says new U.S. Supreme Court limits on class actions do not require Dow customers to sue individually, even if some could have avoided price hikes by negotiating or using rival products.Dow says it is disappointed in the decision and will appeal, including to the Supreme Court if necessary. Sep. 30, 2014, 3:42 PM
Reuters: Dow Chemical considering sale of chlorine, epoxy units
Dow Chemical (DOW -0.4%) has begun the process of selling its epoxy and chlorine businesses, and has hired Goldman Sachs and Barclays to manage the sale, Reuters reports.The combined epoxy and chlorine businesses have annual EBITDA of close to $500M, and initial estimates place their combined value at $3.5B-$4B.Logical buyers, according to the report, could include companies in the sector such as Axiall (AXLL -2.3%) and Westlake Chemical (WLK -2.2%), as well as P-E firms experienced in chemicals such as Apollo Global (APO -1.5%). Sep. 25, 2014, 2:08 PM | 1 Comment
USDA grants approval to Dow's Enlist GMO corn and soybeans
The USDA late yesterday gave final approval to its Enlist genetically modified corn and soybeans developed by Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW), meaning the traits could be on the market in time for the 2015 U.S. planting season.While heavily criticized by environmentalists and some farmers, Dow AgroSciences will market the product as an answer to weed resistance problems that limit crop production; heavy use of Monsanto's (NYSE:MON) Roundup has triggered an explosion of herbicide-resistant super weeds, and Enlist would address the problem since weeds have not yet developed resistance to it.Enlist is still awaiting approval from the EPA. Sep. 18, 2014, 10:53 AM | 6 Comments
Dow Chemical can't get $1B in deductions on sham partnerships, court rules
Dow Chemical (DOW -0.2%) is not entitled to more than $1B of tax deductions based on a decade of transactions with "sham" partnerships promoted by Goldman Sachs and the King & Spalding law firm, according to a ruling from a three-judge panel of the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.The court let stand a lower court ruling that Dow entered the two Chemtech partnerships that ran from 1993 to 2003 mainly to avoid taxes, and had no legitimate business purpose for them. Sep. 10, 2014, 3:49 PM
Dow Chemical CFO Weideman to retire, Ungerleider to replace him
Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) appoints Howard Ungerleider, a 24-year veteran of the company, as its new CFO effective Oct. 1.William Weideman, who currently holds the position, is officially retiring at the end of the year after 38 years with Dow. Sep. 8, 2014, 9:15 AM
Dow Chemical declares $0.37 dividend
Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) declares $0.37/share quarterly dividend, in line with previous.Forward yield 2.75%Payable Oct. 30; for shareholders of record Sept. 30; ex-div Sept. 26. Sep. 4, 2014, 8:42 AM
Bloomberg speculates on potential Syngenta dealmaking
Syngenta (SYT -0.3%) is open to a deal, whether as an acquirer or as a target, perhaps with Dow Chemical (DOW -1.4%) or DuPont (DD +0.2%), Bloomberg speculates.SYT and Monsanto (MON -0.5%) held preliminary talks with advisers earlier this year about a combination that never came to fruition, which shows SYT’s willingness to make a deal, analysts say.One option discussed is a takeover of Dow’s agricultural business, which Dow is open to divesting; SYT also could merge with DuPont and then spin off the U.S. company’s non-agricultural businesses.Dow may be a better candidate to use a SYT acquisition to relocate overseas for tax advantages, analysts suggest, but with the Obama administration looking at ways to discourage tax-inversion acquisitions, DuPont’s well-known brands and sales to the U.S. military may spark greater political pushback. Aug. 28, 2014, 10:43 AM | 3 Comments
Reuters: Dow Chemical hires banks to sell two chemical units
Dow Chemical (DOW +1.2%) reportedly has started a process to sell two of its specialty chemicals subsidiaries that could fetch nearly a combined $2B, part of its effort to divest several billion dollars in non-core assets by 2015.Dow is said to have hired investment bankers including Morgan Stanley to sell its Angus Chemical and AgroFresh subsidiaries.The two units are in addition to the epoxy business and some chlorine and derivatives assets Dow previously said it has earmarked for sale. Aug. 27, 2014, 12:59 PM
Dow Chemical sodium borohydride unit may be sold to PE firms for $200M
Dow Chemical (DOW +1.5%) is seeing interest from P-E firms in buying its sodium borohydride unit for a potential $200M, Reuters reports.Dow Chemical recently said it is targeting $4.5B-$6B in proceeds from the sale of non-strategic assets by year-end 2015, and activist investor Dan Loeb has been putting pressure on the company to deliver more value to shareholders. Aug. 8, 2014, 2:11 PM | 1 Comment
USDA leaning toward approval of Monsanto's new GMO beans, cotton
The USDA on Tuesday said it is leaning toward approval of a new line of herbicide-tolerant crops developed by Monsanto (NYSE:MON), and issued a final environmental impact statement for genetically altered corn and soybean plants developed by Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) which also indicates likely approval.MON developed its new soybeans and cotton to resist a new herbicide that combines dicamba and glyphosate and which the company is branding as Roundup Xtend; DOW has developed its Enlist corn and soybeans that resist a new herbicide developed by the company that includes glyphosate and 2,4-D.Both new cropping systems have seen regulatory decisions delayed by intense opposition from groups who say using more herbicides on weeds will only increase weed resistance over the long term, as well as bring increased risks of health problems and environmental pollution. Aug. 6, 2014, 7:11 PM | 17 Comments
Barron's: Dow Chemical assets underappreciated, shares could rise more
Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) +1% premarket following a weekend profile in Barron's that says shares could keep rising due to an "underappreciated" base of assets and continued pressure from Daniel Loeb.Citing several projects in the company's pipeline and and underappreciated assets including a petrochemical division that enjoys low costs for inputs, the article suggests earnings could double by 2018 and the stock could climb past $60 in a year while paying a dividend.The stock's recent strength might let Dow retire ~$4B of high-cost convertible preferred stock, the story says. Jul. 28, 2014, 8:49 AM | 1 Comment
Berkshire faces the end of a high-yielding investment
One of The Oracle's crisis-era high-yield investments could soon end as a post-earnings rally for Dow Chemical (DOW +3.4%) brings the stock above $53.72 for the first time in nine years. Should the shares close above that price for 20 trading days in a 30-day window, Berkshire's (BRK.A, BRK.B) $3B preferred stake in Dow could be converted into common stock.The preferred stock is expensive for Dow as it carries an 8.5% yield, meaning $255M in dividends annually paid to Berkshire. Of course a conversion would mean dilution, but "people have come to view the dilution from the preferreds as a manageable issue," says UBS's John Roberts, thanks to strong earnings and share repurchases.Previously: Dow Chemical beats estimates amid sales gains across businesses Jul. 23, 2014, 1:01 PM | 8 Comments
Dow Chemical beats estimates amid sales gains across businesses
Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW) +1.2% premarket after Q2 results rose a better than expected 3% as the company reported growth in all its operating segments; earnings tumbled 60% Y/Y on higher sales costs and an unfavorable comparison with the year-earlier period, but results beat analyst estimates.Q2 sales growth was led by the electronic and functional materials segment, which reported a 5% increase in revenue to $1.2B; sales in performance plastics rose ~2% to $3.75B, while coatings and infrastructure solutions rose ~3% to $1.95B and agricultural sciences also added ~3% to $1.91B.Margins improved due to higher prices and a tight control on costs, and rose in four of Dow's six units; the exceptions were the agriculture business and the feedstocks and energy division. Jul. 23, 2014, 8:59 AM | 1 Comment
Dow Chemical beats by $0.02, beats on revenue
Dow Chemical (NYSE:DOW): Q2 EPS of $0.74 beats by $0.02.Revenue of $14.92B (+3.0% Y/Y) beats by $100M. Jul. 23, 2014, 7:00 AM
Notable earnings before Wednesday’s open
ABB, APD, APH, BA, BABY, BEAV, BIIB, CHKP, CKSW, CNMD, COR, DAL, DOW, EMC, EVR, FCX, FDML, GD, GRA, HCBK, HERO, JAKK, JNS, KNX, LAD, LSTR, MDCO, MKTX, NOC, NSC, NYCB, OC, OCR, PCH, PEP, PX, R, RES, SEIC, SLGN, SPG, STM, TEL, TMO, TUP, WHR Jul. 22, 2014, 5:30 PM
DuPont -3%, sees Q2 agriculture operating earnings falling by at least 10%
DuPont (DD) -3.1% premarket after cutting its Q2 and FY 2014 earnings outlook, pointing to slower than expected sales growth in its agriculture and performance chemicals units.DD said in a conference call that it expects Q2 operating earnings in its agriculture business to fall in the low teens in percentage terms, with corn pricing in North America expected to be slightly lower than its previous estimate and returns of unused corn seeds in Brazil to be higher than anticipated.Dow Chemical (DOW) -0.7% premarket; chemical peers FMC, SYT, MON, LYB, CE and HUN also will be on watch today. Jun. 27, 2014, 8:16 AM | 7 Comments
China levies anti-dumping duties on chemical from U.S., Europe
China levies anti-dumping duties on a chemical imported from the U.S. and EU used in insect repellent and refrigerants, the country's Commerce Ministry says.A tax of 71.8% will be imposed on exports of the chemical by U.S. companies, including Dow Chemical (DOW), while the same duties imposed on European exports will be levied 27.6%.The ministry does not explain why it is targeting this chemical now, nor why there is such a difference in the levies. Jun. 3, 2014, 8:21 AM | 2 Comments
Dow Chemical upgraded at Wells Fargo, citing petrochemical fundamentals
Dow Chemical (DOW +0.7%) is upgraded to Outperform at Wells Fargo, which cites a more favorable valuation relative to its higher estimates.Wells analysts recently held a meeting with senior Dow leaders and came away seeing top management's enthusiasm as "increasingly credible," supported by "greater operational versatility, a market-driven approach to margin enhancement, and numerous catalysts to drive the bottom line."The firm believes strong petrochemical fundamentals should benefit Dow, and it raises its price target range for shares to $54-$56 from $48-$52. May 20, 2014, 2:52 PM
Futures marginally lower as market mulls Home Depot results
Dow (DOW), S&P (SPY), and Nasdaq 100 (QQQ) futures are all lower by about 0.1%. On the earnings front, Home Depot is down more than 1% after missing estimates and Staples plunges 8% after its results.Europe's marginally lower and Asia gained a little overnight, though Thailand fell 1.1% after the army imposed martial law.The 10-year Treasury yield is down one basis point to 2.53% and gold is unchanged at $1,294 per ounce.ETFs: SPY, QQQ, SH, DIA, SSO, SDS, PSQ, VOO, IVV, SPXU, UPRO, TQQQ, SPXL, QID, RSP, SQQQ, DOG, QLD, DXD, RWL, EPS, UDOW, SDOW, DDM, BXUB, QQEW, QQQE, TRND, SFLA, QQXT, SPLX, BXUC, TNDQ May 20, 2014, 6:49 AM
The Dow Chemical Company declares $0.37 dividend
Dow Chemical Co. (DOW) declares $0.37/share quarterly dividend, in line with previous.Forward yield 2.95%Payable July 30; for shareholders of record June 30; ex-div June 26. May 15, 2014, 9:10 AM
Vermont becomes first U.S. state to require GMO food labeling
Vermont becomes the first U.S. state to mandate labeling of foods made with genetically modified organisms, as Gov. Shumlin today signed a law that is widely expected to be challenged in court by food and agriculture companies.The law, set to take effect in July 2016, sets the stage for more than two dozen other states currently considering mandatory labeling of such GMO foods.BIO, a trade group whose members include Monsanto (MON) and Dow Chemical (DOW), says food costs for an average household would rise as much as $400/year due to mandatory labeling. May 8, 2014, 4:57 PM | 12 Comments
Dow Chemical's integrated strategy costing $2.5B/year, Loeb says
Dow Chemical's (DOW) strategy of integrating petrochemicals with higher-value products is reducing earnings by at least $2.5B/year, Dan Loeb's Third Point hedge fund says in a letter to investors.Loeb, who has called for Dow to break itself into separate petrochemical and specialty products companies, says the company also needs to increase transparency in how it transfers costs between its petrochemical businesses and specialty units.Loeb contrasts Dow Chemical with rival Lyondell Basell (LYB), and wonders why, despite Dow's far higher production capacity, the two companies generate essentially the same EBITDA in their respective basic chemicals businesses. May 1, 2014, 6:17 PM | 5 Comments
Dow Chemical’s Enlist weedkiller gets preliminary U.S. approval
Dow Chemical (DOW) receives preliminary U.S. regulatory approval to sell a new version of its 2,4-D herbicide aimed at stopping the spread of weeds no longer killed by Monsanto's (MON) Roundup.The EPA is proposing to allow Dow to market its Enlist Duo herbicide, which includes a new formulation of the 2,4-D chemical, a tougher product than some existing sprays that raised environmental and health concerns.The EPA's proposal is the agency's first major ruling on the product since Dow submitted it for review in 2011; the agency will take comments on the proposal over the next 30 days and evaluate them before issuing a final decision. Apr. 30, 2014, 5:44 PM | 5 Comments
Dow Chemical CEO says he's been talking with Loeb
Dow Chemical's (DOW) Andrew Liveris has met activist investor Daniel Loeb several times to discuss the shareholder's call for a breakup of the company, the CEO says in today's earnings call.Liveris said Dow had learned lessons from Loeb’s criticism, such as the need to be more transparent about its business, but still rejected his call for a breakup, saying he lacked the management’s “sheer weight of knowledge” about how the company earns its profits.The CEO also confirmed Dow is committed to a more active sale program than it proposed last year, and now plans to sell businesses worth $4.5B-$6B by the end of next year, including ~$800M of sales already announced. Apr. 23, 2014, 5:54 PM | 1 Comment
Dow Chemical +2.3% as Q1 earnings jump 65%
Dow Chemical (DOW) +2.3% premarket after Q1 earnings rose 65% Y/Y, beating estimates, on a slight revenue rise and a boost from lower costs.DOW says adjusted EBITDA margin expanded more than 60 bps Y/Y to 16.6%, with increases in all operating segments except feedstocks and energy; margins grew despite a $300M-plus increase in purchased feedstocks and energy, due to continued emphasis on productivity and cost-control actions.Sales in DOW's performance plastics segment gained 3%, largely due to price increases; excluding the impact of divestitures, the growth was 6%.R&D expenses fell 10%. Apr. 23, 2014, 9:14 AM | 4 Comments
Dow Chemical beats by $0.08, misses on revenue
Dow Chemical (DOW): Q1 EPS of $0.79 beats by $0.08.Revenue of $14.46B (+0.6% Y/Y) misses by $260M. Apr. 23, 2014, 7:04 AM | 1 Comment
Notable earnings before Wednesday’s open
ABG, AMTD, APD, APH, ARMH, AVY, BA, BABY, BCC, BEAV, BIIB, BPOP, CFR, CLS, DAL, DOW, DPS, EAT, EMC, ENTG, ERIC, EVR, FDML, GCI, GD, GNTX, GRA, HERO, IR, JAKK, JCI, KNX, LECO, MAN, MDCO, MKTX, MTH, NEO, NOC, NOR, NS, NSC, OC, OCR, PB, PG, PII, PX, R, RAI, RES, SEIC, SIX, SVU, TDY, TEL, TMO, TUP, WAB Apr. 23, 2014, 12:05 AM
Notable earnings before Wednesday’s open
ABG, AMTD, APD, APH, ARMH, AVY, BA, BABY, BCC, BEAV, BIIB, BPOP, CFR, CLS, DAL, DOW, DPS, EAT, EMC, ENTG, ERIC, EVR, FDML, GCI, GD, GNTX, GRA, HERO, IR, JAKK, JCI, KNX, LECO, MAN, MDCO, MKTX, MTH, NEO, NOC, NOR, NS, NSC, OC, OCR, PB, PG, PII, PX, R, RAI, RES, SEIC, SIX, SVU, TDY, TEL, TMO, TUP, WAB Apr. 22, 2014, 5:30 PM
U.S. shouldn't bail out Europe with natural gas, Dow Chemical says
As U.S. lawmakers consider allowing more liquefied natural gas exports to help reduce Europe's dependency on Russia as an energy provider, Dow Chemical (DOW) says too bad; if Europe wants to reduce its need for Russian natural gas, it can - and should - produce the gas on its own."Europe has the resources and the capability to provide for its own energy needs," says a top DOW exec. "Just because they rejected nuclear energy and horizontal drilling and left themselves at the mercy of others shouldn’t create an obligation for us to bail them out."Chemical companies and many manufacturers oppose the rush for more LNG exports, having benefited from cheap natural gas prices since the fuel is a key ingredient for petrochemicals used in making plastics and other components of manufacturing. Mar. 27, 2014, 3:44 PM | 17 Comments
Congress to hold hearings on LNG exports
House and Senate energy committees are due to hold hearings today over whether the U.S. should ease the restrictions on the export of liquefied natural gas.The issue has received heightened attention due to the Ukraine crisis, as increased exports would help Europe cut its reliance on Russian gas.One proposal would allow any country in the WTO to buy gas without U.S. government approval, a measure that would do away with almost all reviews.However, opponents, which include Dow Chemical (DOW), argue that increasing exports would raise domestic prices.ETFs: UNG, DGAZ, UGAZ, BOIL, GAZ, FCG, GASL, KOLD, UNL, GASX, NAGS, DCNG Mar. 25, 2014, 4:40 AM | 29 Comments
Dow Chemical raises asset sale target by $1.5B-$2B
Dow Chemical (DOW +0.5%) says it will seek to raise up to $6B from asset sales, $1.5B-$2B more than its earlier target, as it plans to streamline operations by shedding old business lines it can no longer grow, CEO Andrew Liveris says.The CEO does not say what else the company has decided to put on the block, but says additional sales will be profitable but slow-growth business units that are minor parts of DOW's portfolio, primarily in the functional materials and performance materials groups.Activist investor Daniel Loeb of Third Point has been pushing DOW to go even further and split off its petrochemicals business and focus on specialty materials, but the company opposes such a move; a UBS analyst says DOW appears committed to deliver more value than the split-up proposal. Mar. 19, 2014, 2:47 PM | 2 Comments
DealBook: FMC split may cast a shadow on Dow Chemical
FMC Corp.'s (FMC -2.3%) decision to split its agriculture and pharmaceutical businesses from stodgier commodity minerals to create a more valuable company will make it harder for Dow Chemical (DOW -0.6%) CEO Andrew Liveris to resist activist pressure to do the same, DealBook's Kevin Allison writes.The story views some parallels between the two companies, despite the size difference: Both have specialty chemical businesses and trade below their best-performing peers.A crucial plank in DOW’s defense is that the company benefits from an integrated supply chain, with commodity petrochemicals often serving as building blocks for higher-margin specialty products; still, it’s tougher to argue against a breakup when a rival with similar growth businesses is doing the same, Allison believes. Mar. 11, 2014, 12:42 PM | 3 Comments
Loeb blasts Dow Chemical's "lack of transparency" after rebuff
Dan Loeb doesn't look ready to back off his demands for Dow Chemical (DOW) to split in two, blasting the company's "lack of transparency" for making it difficult to determine whether a split-up is needed."Transparency is essential considering Dow's undistinguished track record of capital allocation decisions," Loeb says, ratcheting up the rhetoric between the two sides.Loeb says his Third Point hedge fund would be willing to sign a non-disclosure agreement with Dow to review the company's rejection of his call for a split of the petrochemical operations from the specialty chemical businesses. Feb. 12, 2014, 7:23 PM | 10 Comments
Dow Chemical rejects Loeb's call for major break-up
Dow Chemical (DOW) has rebuffed Dan Loeb's call to split its petrochemical operations from its specialty-chemical businesses, saying that after assessing the possibility, such a move wouldn't improve productivity or capital allocation. Instead, it would hurt Dow's value proposition, "which leverages scale, integration costs and technology benefits."Dow will continue to focus on spinning off its commodity-chemical activities.Loeb made his call after disclosing three weeks ago that he had bought a $1.3B holding in Dow. Feb. 12, 2014, 3:26 AM | 2 Comments
Premarket Gainers / Losers
Gainers: ASTC +18%. MDVN +14%. GTXI +14%. ONVO +15%. FSL +13%. HZNP +9%. OMER +8%. DOW +6%.Losers: PGNX -17%. FRO -9%. CVLT -10%. TUP -8%. CRUS -7%. YHOO -6%. RCON -8%. Jan. 29, 2014, 9:13 AM
Dow soars 7% amid beat, boost to capital returns
It's eye on Dan Loeb, Dow Chemical (DOW) boosts its quarterly dividend by 15% to $0.37 per share, and triples the size of its 2014 buyback authorization to $4.5B.Management outlook comments also seem focused on Loeb: "[The results are] clear evidence of our ability to manage all aspects of our integrated business to generate strong financial performance in an uncertain world ... Our actions to improve return on capital, grow profitability and generate cash are accelerating as we go deeper into attractive end-use markets, exit complex but non-strategic assets and value chains, and maintain a strong focus on productivity metrics and cost controls."CC at 9 ETDOW +7% premarket Jan. 29, 2014, 7:48 AM | 7 Comments
The Dow Chemical Company declares $0.37 dividend
Dow Chemical Co. (DOW) declares $0.37/share quarterly dividend, 15.6% increase from prior dividend of $0.32.Forward yield 3.44%Payable April 30; for shareholders of record March 31; ex-div March 27. Jan. 29, 2014, 7:04 AM
Dow Chemical Co. beats by $0.22, beats on revenue
Dow Chemical Co. (DOW): Q4 EPS of $0.65 beats by $0.22.Revenue of $14.4B (+3.6% Y/Y) beats by $270M. Jan. 29, 2014, 7:01 AM
Loeb boost for Dow Chemical disappears
"We're on board" with Dan Loeb, says Argus Research analyst Bill Selesky of the activist's call for a spinoff of Dow Chemical's (DOW -1.9%) petrochemicals business. The company, notes Argus, already has plans to divest up to $4B of units, but should be more aggressive.Dow's breakup value is $51 per share according to an average from a poll of 10 analysts conducted by Bloomberg, with the range being $45-$64.Tsachy Mishal continues to take exception to the Loeb analysis, noting the company already is expensive compared to its peers - and that excludes the $9B unfunded pension.Where are the cost savings going to come from, asks Mishal, noting Dow has already been through multiple restructurings and layoffs, and has SG&A expenses as a percent of sales of just 5% - the lowest in the industry."Justifying a high price target for Dow involves placing a premium multiple on every business line (while ignoring the pension deficit) ... Spinning off a business is not a magic elixir that turns around a business."At $42.70, the stock is back below the price at which Loeb disclosed his stake and plan. Jan. 27, 2014, 12:47 PM
Was a company you own at Davos? Then sell.
What was the CEO of a company you're an owner of up to this week? An index of companies whose execs regularly attend Davos has vastly underperformed the market since 2009.Attendance at the gathering tends to be dominated by the financials, with GS, C, HSBC, JPM, LAZ, MS, SCBFF, BAC, ITUB, and UBS leading the way to prove their bona fides as thought leaders. Also spotted were the heads of DOW, and PEP.Notably absent: Buffett (BRK.A, BRK.B) , Tim Cook (AAPL) (Jobs never attended either), Jeff Immelt (GE), and Virginia Rometty (IBM). Google's (GOOG) founders and Mark Zuckerberg (FB) stopped going a couple of years ago. Jan. 24, 2014, 7:27 AM
Questioning Loeb on Dow Chemical
Feeling some pain today as Dow Chemical (DOW +5.1%) is one of his shorts against a long in Eastman Chemical (EMN +0.1%), Tsachy Mishal takes issue with Dan Loeb's long pitch on Dow, calling it "weak and vague."Dow already has the lowest SG&A expense as a percent of sales in the chemical group, says Mishal, wondering from where Loeb's billions of savings from cost-cuts are supposed to come. Also, how can Loeb say management doesn't disclose enough details on its petrochemicals unit on one hand, and still make the claim there are billions to be saved?Previous: Loeb goes activist on Dow Jan. 21, 2014, 11:12 AM | 2 Comments
Premarket Gainers / Losers
Gainers: KOOL +30%. YRCW +17%. STRI +13%. CYTR +10%. ROSG +10%. CTIC +9%. FRO +9%. BBRY +8%. BIOS +8%. DOW +7%. FRX +6%. WPCS +7%. NIHD +6%. AGEN +6%. AFFX +5%. GERN +5%.Losers: AMRN -24%. KONE -14%. INFN -8%.
Jan. 21, 2014, 9:10 AM | 3 Comments
Dow ahead 6% as Loeb calls for change
"Nearly 15 years ago, an investor could have purchased  Dow shares for the same price that they trade at today," writes Dan Loeb's Third Point, disclosing Dow Chemical (DOW) as its largest current investment."These results reflect a poor  operational track record across multiple business segments, a history of under-delivering  relative to management’s guidance and expectations, and the ill-timed acquisition of Rohm &  Haas."Questioning the company's petrochemicals strategy, Loeb calls for a review to consider a spinoff of the business.Full letterShares +5.9% premarketPrevious coverage Jan. 21, 2014, 8:56 AM | 5 Comments
Loeb goes activist on Dow
Dow Chemical (DOW) is ahead 4.7% premarket with Dan Loeb's Third Point reportedly taking a $1.3B stake and Loeb calling for a spinoff the company's petrochemical unit.
Jan. 21, 2014, 8:47 AM
Goldman: Long call strategies could pay off this earnings season
"Options markets suggest this will be one of the most important earnings seasons in 10 years for stock pickers given low expected correlation and limited pre-positioning," says Goldman analyst John Marshall."We expect outsized profitability for call buying strategies on single stocks this quarter," he adds, noting options markets are actually pricing in a lower earnings-day move than any time on record for the average stock. "We expect earnings surprises to spark unexpectedly large stock moves."The average earnings-day move last quarter was 3.5x as large as the average daily move, he says, greater than any other time in the past 17 years.Goldman analysts see above-consensus reports from KORS, RYL, TIF, EOG, PXD, WNR, BBT, BX, LAZ, STI, BMY, THC, CMI, DOW, STZ, ARUN, OLED, QCOM, and XLNX.Goldman's below the Street on ANN, IGT, MAT, COL, JOY, and MSFT. Jan. 13, 2014, 3:32 PM | 11 Comments
USDA nears approval of Dow's Enlist GMO corn and soybeans
The USDA says it is leaning towards approval of Dow AgroSciences' (DOW) genetically modified Enlist corn and soybeans that have been heavily criticized by groups who say they will harm the environment.The Enlist seeds are designed to be used in combination with a new herbicide developed by DOW that combines the weed-killers 2,4-D, known for its use in the Agent Orange defoliant, and glyphosate.DOW says the crops and the herbicide combination will help combat an explosion of crop-choking weeds around the U.S. that have become resistant to glyphosate, the chief ingredient in the Roundup herbicide sold by rival Monsanto (MON). Jan. 3, 2014, 5:48 PM | 6 Comments
Four value picks for 2014
A tripling of the market over the last five years has made it a difficult environment for value investors looking for ideas, writes Tsachy Mishal; difficult, but not impossible. Mishal has recently put money to work in four new investments:Air Products & Chemicals (APD) has a lot more in common with Bill Ackman's successful moves than it does with boners like J.C. Penney and Herbalife, says Mishal. The appointment of a CEO in Q1 should be a catalyst, he says, as the new chief lays out his strategy and Ackman makes public his detailed investment thesis.Trading at a steep 20% discount to book value, Annaly Capital (NLY) is the victim of year-end tax-loss selling and the fear of the effect of higher rates on book value, says Mishal. But the year is nearly over, and Annaly management has lowered leverage, hedged its book, and diversified into CMBS - it's well-positioned against further rate increases.Eastman Chemical (EMN) has spent the past few quarters paying down debt from an acquisition, says Mishal, but starting in Q1 should begin using its ample cash flow to aggressively buy back stock. Management has an EPS goal of $7 in 2014 and $8 in 2015, and is on the record as saying acquisition targets are too expensive. That leaves share repurchases. Against his long in Eastman, Mishal is short ALB, CE, DD, DOW, and FMC.Municipal bond closed-end funds are getting it from both sides - fears of higher rates and credit worries. Throw tax-loss selling into the mix and many are now trading at near-10% discounts to NAV and yielding almost 7% - the taxable equivalent of over 10%. "Municipal bonds offer the best after-tax, risk-adjusted return of any asset class." He's long: NRK, VMO, VKQ, PMO, NAN. Dec. 28, 2013, 8:30 AM | 16 Comments
The Dow Chemical Company declares $0.32 dividend
Dow Chemical Co. (DOW) declares $0.32/share quarterly dividend, in line with prior.Forward yield 3.12%Payable Jan 30; for shareholders of record Dec. 31; ex-div Dec. 27. Dec. 12, 2013, 8:42 AM
U.S. seen becoming net chemical exporter, thanks to shale boom
The U.S. is poised to become a net exporter of chemicals thanks to the shale oil boom, FT reports; the American Chemistry Council forecasts net U.S. chemical exports of ~$2.7B this year and expects exports to rise 45% over the next five years to nearly $30B by 2018.U.S. companies such as Exxon Mobil (XOM), Dow Chemical (DOW), Chevron (CVX) and Phillips 66 (PSX) are among the leaders in investing in new capacity, but even producers from Asia and the Middle East are looking at projects in the U.S.Dow's Andrew Liveris speaks for big companies that want curbs on U.S. exports of liquefied natural gas to ensure their energy cost advantage; with five LNG projects now approved for export sales by the Obama administration, "where they are right now seems to be fine," he says. Dec. 9, 2013, 6:30 PM | 9 Comments
When top-line growth is scarce, buy those with something to sell: Barron's
"The S&P 500 index is up 27% this year, but its underlying revenue increased just 2.9% during the third quarter," Jack Hough writes, adding that if you want real top-line growth (i.e. not derived from acquisitions and not simply the product of a bounce off "depressed levels") you have to pay 30, 50, or even 100 times earnings.Thankfully, "fast growth isn't the only path to handsome stock returns," Hough continues, before recommending investors look to "reasonably priced companies with plenty to sell."Making the list are: General Electric (GE), Dow Chemical (DOW), Royal Dutch Shell (RDS.B), and Time Warner (TWX). Dec. 7, 2013, 11:36 AM | 3 Comments
Dow Chemical considers name change, CEO says
Dow Chemical (DOW +2.3%) CEO Andrew Liveris says the company might consider changing its name, dropping "Chemical" as part of its shift away from low-margin commodity chemicals, such as chlorine used in cleaning products, to focus on higher-value businesses including agricultural seeds and packaging materials.Liveris says the restructured business would be linked by "chemistry rather than chemicals," noting it had focused recent marketing efforts - such as sponsorship of last year's summer Olympics in London - on the stand-alone Dow brand.Internal branding discussions have taken place, the CEO says, but the company wasn't yet planning such a move. Dec. 2, 2013, 3:59 PM | 4 Comments
Dow Chemical's spinoff plans, chlor-alkali closures lift other chemical plays
Investors applaud Dow Chemical's (DOW +2.9%) move to explore a spinoff or sale of its commodity chemical business - part of its original founding business from the late 19th century - which could generate up to $3B; it's part of Dow’s ongoing efforts to shift toward higher-margin products and technologies.Dow already had divested itself of ~$700M YTD; CEO Andrew Liveris had said DOW was planning to dispose of up to $4B in assets over the coming 12-24 months, and the chlorine spinoff plan means an increase in that estimate.The move will help the stock price and valuation over the next six to 12 months, Argus says, since Dow has tended to have a slightly lower valuation because investors want to see less of a commodity company and more of a specialized one.North American chlor-alkali producers Axiall (AXLL +9.6%), Olin (OLN +7.5%) and Westlake Chemical (WLK +1.8%) are higher on Dow's plan to close 800K tons of caustic and chlorine capacity, which analysts see as a positive for merchant sellers of caustic as it offsets the new capacity from the Dow-Mitsui joint venture. Dec. 2, 2013, 2:24 PM | 2 Comments
Dow Chemical to exit commodity chemicals
Dow Chemical (DOW) says it plans to sell parts of its commodity chemicals business, to help make the company "a high tech, high margin, steady earnings grower in markets that are growing," CEO Andrew Liveris tells CNBC.The assets, which include ~40 manufacturing facilities at 11 sites, are being carved out for future transactions, and represent up to $5B of total annual revenue, inclusive of sales on the merchant market and sales to support Dow's downstream, value-added products.Dow also says it will shut down ~800K tons of chlorine and caustic equivalent capacity in Freeport, Tex., to be replaced with supply from new facilities that will come online with the start-up of the Dow Mitsui joint venture early next year.DOW +1.1% premarket. Dec. 2, 2013, 7:47 AM
Dow Chemical to raise cap on debt tender offers to $700M
Dow Chemical (DOW +0.7%) says it will raise the cap on its debt buyback offer to $700M after the deal was strongly oversubscribed as of yesterday's early tender deadline.Last month, Dow had offered to repurchase a combined $500M of two series of notes, part of a larger effort to improve its financial flexibility and reduce its interest expenses; Dow planned to retire the debt in the current quarter. Nov. 14, 2013, 10:44 AM
Dow Chemical -4% after Q3 misses on earnings, revenue
Dow Chemical (DOW) -4% premarket after Q3 results fell short of expectations in both earnings and revenue.Q3 earnings rose ~20% but net sales edged up only 0.7% to $13.73B; sales in the performance materials division fell 3%, performance plastics sales rose 3.3% while sales in feedstock and energy slid 7.7%.Volume dropped 2%, with all major regions except Latin America posting lower volume, but prices rose up 3%, led by performance plastics and agricultural sciences.DOW says it plans to raise at least $3B-$4N from asset sales. Oct. 24, 2013, 8:14 AM
Dow Chemical misses by $0.04, misses on revenues
Dow Chemical (DOW): Q3 EPS of $0.50 misses by $0.04.Revenue of $13.73B misses by $0.27B. (PR) Oct. 24, 2013, 7:06 AM | 1 Comment
Notable earnings before Thursday’s open
AB, ABB, ACAT, AIXG, ALK, ALV, ALXN, AN, ASPS, AVT, BC, BEN, BG, BLL, BMS, BSX, CAB, CAJ, CAM, CCE, CELG, CFX, CL, CLI, CMS, CRI, CS, CSH, CVE, CWEI, DFT, DLX, DNKN, DO, DOW, DST, ELN, EQM, EQT, ERIC, ESI, F, FAF, FLIR, GG, GNC, GNRC, HERO, HOT, HSY, ICLR, IMAX, IP, JNS, KKR, KMT, LAZ, LEG, LTM, LUV, MCK, MDP, MDSO, MGI, MJN, MMM, MO, NBL, ODFL, ORI, PACR, PCP, PDS, PHM, POT, PTEN, PVR, QSII, RCI, RCL, RDWR, RS, RTN, RYN, SEIC, SHPG, SIRI, SJR, SLAB, STC, TDY, TKR, TROW, UA, UFS, USG, VCI, VDSI, VLY, VNTV, WAB, WCC, WRLD, XEL, XRX, YNDX, ZMH Oct. 24, 2013, 12:05 AM
Notable earnings before Thursday’s open
AB, ABB, ACAT, AIXG, ALK, ALV, ALXN, AN, ASPS, AVT, BC, BEN, BG, BLL, BMS, BSX, CAB, CAJ, CAM, CCE, CELG, CFX, CL, CLI, CMS, CRI, CS, CSH, CVE, CWEI, DFT, DLX, DNKN, DO, DOW, DST, ELN, EQM, EQT, ERIC, ESI, F, FAF, FLIR, GG, GNC, GNRC, HERO, HOT, HSY, ICLR, IMAX, IP, JNS, KKR, KMT, LAZ, LEG, LTM, LUV, MCK, MDP, MDSO, MGI, MJN, MMM, MO, NBL, ODFL, ORI, PACR, PCP, PDS, PHM, POT, PTEN, PVR, QSII, RCI, RCL, RDWR, RS, RTN, RYN, SEIC, SHPG, SIRI, SJR, SLAB, STC, TDY, TKR, TROW, UA, UFS, USG, VCI, VDSI, VLY, VNTV, WAB, WCC, WRLD, XEL, XRX, YNDX, ZMH Oct. 23, 2013, 5:30 PM
Dow sells polypropylene business to W.R. Grace for $500M
Dow Chemical (DOW) agrees to sell its global polypropylene licensing and catalysts business to W. R. Grace (GRA) for $500M.Dow says the move is part of an accelerated strategy of narrowing its focus in the electronics, water, packaging and agricultural sciences markets.Dow expects to report a gain on the sale, and net proceeds will be directed toward remunerating shareholders, debt reduction and funding growth.Dow -5.9%, GRA +1.1% premarket. Oct. 11, 2013, 8:15 AM | 1 Comment
Ethane's tumble seen boosting profits at Dow, Lyondell, Westlake
Owing to the shale gas revolution, a glut of ethane has flooded the market, so much so that the natural gas liquid is poised to become cheaper than natural gas itself; it’s down 70% in two years and the trend could continue, materially boosting profits for Dow Chemical (DOW), LyondellBasell (LYB) and Westlake Chemical (WLK).The slide in ethane prices may begin to accelerate as soon as Q1 2014, when Enterprise Product Partners (EPD) opens its Appalachia-to-Texas ethane pipeline, which has the capacity to bring 190K bbl/day of ethane to Gulf coast petrochemical makers, exceeding current demand by ~20%.U.S. chemical producers "may have significantly more upside to margins than previously contemplated even without rising chemical prices," a Cowen analyst says. Oct. 7, 2013, 2:08 PM | 3 Comments
Dow Chemical to challenge Monsanto with insect-killing soybeans
Dow Chemical (DOW +2.8%) reveals plans to challenge Monsanto’s (MON +0.2%) insect-repelling soybeans for South America with beans engineered to kill pests with two added genes.MON estimates the market for its Intacta beans, which are being introduced on 3M acres this year and have one Bt gene to control bugs, at 100M acres; Dow says having two Bt genes with different modes of action will slow insects’ ability to overcome the technology.Dow says the new soybeans should be available in Brazil and Argentina in three to five years, pending regulatory approvals. Oct. 4, 2013, 3:35 PM | 1 Comment
Dow Chemical, YPF to invest $188M in Argentina shale gas deal
Dow Chemical (DOW) plans to invest $120M and Argentina's state-run oil company YPF will chip in with another $68M to explore for shale gas in the Vaca Muerta shale formation.The two companies will team up to drill 16 wells to extract shale gas as part of a pilot program.Vaca Muerta could hold as much as 661B barrels of oil and 1,181T cf of natural gas, YPF estimates. Sep. 24, 2013, 4:57 PM | 1 Comment
Report: Top 50 polluters emit 75% of greenhouse gases
Fifty of the world's 500 largest publicly traded companies are responsible for nearly three quarters of the group’s greenhouse gas emissions, according to a new report by a group that compiles data on climate change.The big emitters are not doing enough to reduce emissions, and the top 50 have increased their emissions since 2009, the report says.U.S. companies in the top 50 include oil majors such as Exxon (XOM), Chevron (CVX) and ConocoPhillips (COP), and other giants such as Wal-Mart (WMT), FedEx (FDX), Dow Chemical (DOW), AT&T (T) and Duke Energy (DUK).Exxon, Shell (RDS.A, RDS.B), Sasol (SSL), BP and Petrobras (PBR) are the five biggest emitters in the energy sector. Sep. 12, 2013, 6:44 PM | 70 Comments
LNG export critics say government should reassess economic risks
With the Obama administration approving a fourth company’s plans to export natural gas, some lawmakers and manufacturers say it’s time for the government to reassess the economic risks of the approvals.The export authorization for 6.37B cf/day of liquefied natural gas, including foreign sales from Dominion’s (D) Cove Point facility in Maryland, passes a 5B cf/day threshold at which some manufacturers say LNG domestic prices could be pushed upward.A coalition of large industrial users of natural gas, including Dow Chemical (DOW), Celanese (CE) and Nucor (NUE), say the Energy Department should tread more carefully, given the cumulative exports it has already authorized.The National Association of Manufacturers applauds the Cove Point decision, saying swift export approvals put the market and not the government in charge of deciding which projects survive or fail. Sep. 12, 2013, 6:22 PM | 8 Comments
The Dow Chemical Company declares $0.32 dividend
Dow Chemical Co. (DOW) declares $0.32/share quarterly dividend, in line with previous.Forward yield 3.21%Payable Oct. 30; for shareholders of record Sept. 30; ex-div Sept. 26. Sep. 12, 2013, 8:43 AM
Freeport LNG signs deal with Asian firms for gas exports
Freeport LNG signs export deals to supply Toshiba and South Korean utility SK E&S with 2.2M tons of liquefied natural gas annually for the next 20 years; Toshiba also has rights to an additional 600K tons of liquefaction capacity.The two new deals cover the capacity of the Freeport’s third planned liquefaction train and build on earlier tolling agreements with two Japanese utilities for 2.2M tons/year of LNG plus a contract with BP for 4.4M tons/year.The development, partly owned by ConocoPhillips (COP), Dow Chemical (DOW) and Osaka Gas, still needs approval from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. Sep. 9, 2013, 11:57 AM | 2 Comments
Saudi Aramco extends bidding for Ras Tanura clean fuels project
Saudi Aramco extends the deadline to Oct. 20 for companies to bid for construction of a clean fuels and aromatics project at its largest refinery in Ras Tanura, Reuters reports, part of an effort by Middle Eastern refiners to produce cleaner fuels for export markets.Aramco also is extending the date for bids to build a 2,400 MW power plant to supply electricity to its new 400K bbl/day refinery in Jizan, one of three refineries the state-run firm is building with help from Exxon (XOM), Sinopec (SNP) and Total (TOT).Ras Tanura also will help supply a new petrochemicals joint venture with Dow Chemical (DOW). Sep. 3, 2013, 3:18 PM | 1 Comment
Dow Chemical confirms locations for expanding leading plastics brands
Dow Chemical (DOW -2.5%) confirms locations in Texas and Louisiana for expanding four of its top plastics brands, which it expects to drive strong revenue growth and generate ~$2.5B in EBITDA once fully operational.Dow says the expansions will allow it to further leverage its cost-advantaged position and R&D expertise to deliver leading edge technology in some of its most strategic markets. Aug. 27, 2013, 2:56 PM | 1 Comment
Argentina's YPF prepares shale partnership with Cnooc
YPF says it probably will sign next month a definitive deal to explore and develop shale deposits in the Vaca Muerta formation with a group including China's Cnooc (CEO), either as part of its Bridas Corp. JV or with Bridas-run Pan American Energy.An agreement with Cnooc and Bridas would be YPF’s second binding shale partnership in the 16 months since Argentina seized control of YPF from Repsol; Chevron (CVX) signed the first YPF shale deal last month.Once an arrangement with Cnooc and Bridas is in place, YPF says it will work on Vaca Muerta partnerships with Dow Chemical (DOW) and others. Aug. 21, 2013, 4:46 PM
Dow Chemical raised to Buy at Argus Research
Dow Chemical (DOW +0.8%) is upgraded to Buy from Hold with a $47 price target at Argus, which cites the stock's attractive valuation metrics as well as a probable sale of several commodity-sensitive businesses.The firm believes such a sale would increase Dow's focus on specialty rather than commodity chemicals, and lead to higher earnings and valuation multiples over time.Also, the ~3.7% dividend yield is one of the highest in the chemical industry. Aug. 5, 2013, 12:47 PM
Foster Wheeler to construct Dow Chemical's Louisiana plant upgrade
Foster Wheeler (FWLT -1.8%) says it's been awarded an engineering, procurement and construction management contract to upgrade Dow Chemical's (DOW) Plaquemine petrochemical facility in Louisiana.The initial release of work will be included in FWLT's Q2 bookings while the main release is expected to be recorded in Q3 this year.The value of the contract was not disclosed. Jul. 29, 2013, 12:46 PM | 1 Comment
Dow Chemical (DOW +1.5%) can thank a river of floating dead pigs in China for a large chunk of its $1B in Q2 net earnings for its plastics business segment, a 30% Y/Y gain, as food safety concerns send Chinese shoppers to grocery stores to buy pre-packaged food. That's a boost for Dow and others using cheap U.S. natural gas to manufacture the plastic casings used to protect food in transit.

Jul. 25, 2013, 11:23 AM | 2 Comments
More on Dow Chemical's (DOW) Q2 results: Unadjusted EPS of $1.87 was boosted by the K-Dow settlement and other one-time items. Performance plastics sales rose 1%, agricultural sciences sales gained 10%, feedstock and energy fell ~4%. Volume increased 2% with gains in most geographic areas. Gross margin widened to 17% from 15.9%. Jul. 25, 2013, 7:47 AM
Dow Chemical (DOW): Q2 EPS of $0.64 beats by $0.02. Revenue of $14.57B beats by $0.09B. (PR) Jul. 25, 2013, 7:03 AM
Notable earnings before Thursday’s open: ABB, ACT, AEP, AIXG, ALK, ALKS, ARG, ASH , ASPS, BC, BG, BIIB, BLL, BMS,BMY, BSX, BWA, CAB, CAM, CCE, CELG, CFX , CL, CMS, CNX, COR, CPN, CRI,CRR, CS, CHS, DAN, DFT, DHI, DLX, DNKN , DO, DOW, DST, EQT, ESI, FAF,FLIR, GG, GM, GNC, GPK, GRA, HNT, HOG , HOT, HSY, IDCC, IMAX, IP, JAH,JNS, KEM, KMT, LAZ, LL, LM, LO, LUV , MDP, MDSO, MGI, MHFI, MJN, MMM,NBL, NMM, NXTM, ODFL, ORI, PACR, PCP, PDS , PHM, PNK, POT, PTEN, QSII, RCL,RDWR, RS, RTN, RYN, SIRI,SLAB, STC, STRA, SUI, TKR, UA, UFS, USG , UTHR, VCI, VDSI, VLY, WAB, WCC,XRX, YNDX, ZMH

Jul. 25, 2013, 12:05 AM
Notable earnings before Thursday’s open: ABB, ACT, AEP, AIXG, ALK, ALKS, ARG, ASH , ASPS, BC, BG, BIIB, BLL, BMS,BMY, BSX, BWA, CAB, CAM, CCE, CELG, CFX , CL, CMS, CNX, COR, CPN, CRI,CRR, CS, CHS, DAN, DFT, DHI, DLX, DNKN , DO, DOW, DST, EQT, ESI, FAF,FLIR, GG, GM, GNC, GPK, GRA, HNT, HOG , HOT, HSY, IDCC, IMAX, IP, JAH,JNS, KEM, KMT, LAZ, LL, LM, LO, LUV , MDP, MDSO, MGI, MHFI, MJN, MMM,NBL, NMM, NXTM, ODFL, ORI, PACR, PCP, PDS , PHM, PNK, POT, PTEN, QSII, RCL,RDWR, RS, RTN, RYN, SIRI,SLAB, STC, STRA, SUI, TKR, UA, UFS, USG , UTHR, VCI, VDSI, VLY, WAB, WCC,XRX, YNDX, ZMH

Jul. 24, 2013, 5:30 PM
Ignore the slowdown in China at your own peril, writes Ben Levisohn after GDP growth slipped to 7.5% in Q2, and Beijing shows little sign of easing policy to re-boost it. Consumer staples and health care stocks with high China exposure like Mead Johnson (MJN) and PerkinElmer (PKI) have recently underperformed (on a relative basis), but also at risk are those in materials, industrials, and IT with a heavy reliance on China: DOW, ALTR, EXPD, GE. On the other hand there's Las Vegas Sands (LVS) - maybe unfairly (relatively) punished for its Macau exposure even as the secular growth of gambling there should offset any cyclical economic weakness in China. Jul. 20, 2013, 9:00 AM | 31 Comments
Sadara Chemical, Dow Chemical's (DOW) JV with Saudi Aramaco, secures loan facilities worth ~$10.5B to support construction of a $19.3B petrochemical complex at Jubail in Saudi Arabia. Dow expects Sadara to deliver EBITDA margins of 35%-40% and a stream of equity earnings for Dow averaging $500M/year during the first 10 years following start-up, scheduled for 2015.

Jun. 17, 2013, 7:57 AM
Dow Chemical (DOW -0.3%) announces plans to deploy part of its recent payment from Kuwait's chemicals company to reduce up to $2B in debt in 2013. Dow says its current and planned actions should deliver more than $100M in annual interest expense savings, and are expected to bring its net debt to total capital ratio to well below 40%.

May 24, 2013, 9:57 AM
Goldman Sachs lifts its forecasts for the S&P 500 (SPY), as David Kostin and company now say they expect the index to gain 5% by year-end to 1,750, 9% to 1,900 in 2014, and 10% to 2,100 in 2015. The rationale: expectations of above-trend real GDP growth beginning next year (Mr. Evans' "escape velocity" ?) coupled with P/E multiple expansion to 16x. Furthermore, dividends should rise ~30% over the next two years, bolstering the firm's claim that dividend-paying equities (DVY) are one of the only places U.S. investors can look to for income-generation. Some of GS's dividend picks, as listed on MarketWatch: Mattel (MAT), Ford (F), Philip Morris (PM), Walgreen (WAG), Chevron (CVX), U.S. Bancorp (USB), GE, Western Union (WU), Dow Chemical (DOW), and AT&T (T). May 21, 2013, 5:40 AM | 11 Comments
Dow Chemical (DOW) issued a somewhat surprising statement after the approval of the Freeport liquefied natural gas export project, saying it "provides the greater clarity and certainty that businesses need to make investment decisions... Dow will adopt a wait and see approach regarding further approvals." Dow has argued against unfettered exports, saying they could lead to price spikes that could harm the economy.

May 17, 2013, 4:33 PM | 2 Comments
Dow Chemical (DOW) says it will appeal an order by a federal judge to pay $1.2B in a price-fixing case involving urethane chemical prices. In February, a jury rendered a $400M verdict against Dow; yesterday, the judge denied Dow's request to overturn the decision, and damages were tripled under U.S. antitrust law. Shares -0.3% premarket.

May 16, 2013, 8:06 AM | 1 Comment
The USDA will conduct environmental assessments of new corn, soybean and cotton seeds genetically engineered to withstand herbicides, further delaying the possible launch of products from Monsanto (MON) and Dow Chemical (DOW). DOW had hoped to sell 2,4-D-tolerant corn to farmers for the 2013 growing season, as well as 2,4-D-tolerant soybeans; MON has developed dicamba-tolerant soybeans and cotton.

May 10, 2013, 1:12 PM | 1 Comment
Dow Chemical Company (DOW) declares $0.32/share quarterly dividend, in line with previous. Forward yield 3.68%. For shareholders of record June 28. Payable July 30. Ex-div date June 26. (PR) May 9, 2013, 11:02 AM
Dow Chemical (DOW +1.2%) says it received $2.2B in damages from Kuwait's state-run chemicals company, a year after an international arbitrator told Petrochemical Industries Co. to pay up for cancelling the $17.4B "K-Dow" plastics joint venture in 2008. The payment will allow Dow to accelerate plans to pay down debt and remunerate shareholders, CEO Andrew Liveris says.

May 7, 2013, 10:10 AM | 1 Comment
President Obama has signaled his support for increasing the U.S.'s exports of natural gas, saying that the country will probably be a net seller of LNG by 2020. The Department of Energy is assessing applications for 20 projects to export gas to nations with which the U.S. doesn't have a free trade agreement. Companies that could benefit include Dominion Resources (D), Cheniere Energy (LNG), Oiltanking Partners (OILT), Williams Cos. (WMB), Boardwalk Pipeline Partners (BWP) and Sempra Energy (SRE). Dow Chemical (DOW) and Alcoa (AA) are among those to oppose increased LNG exports, as it could raise their costs.

May 6, 2013, 5:00 AM | 8 Comments
Dow Chemical (DOW +5.3%) has turned the corner, Goldman's Robert Koort says, viewing Q1 results as "very solid considering the lackluster macroeconomic backdrop... the outperformance without macro help supports our thesis that company self-help (cracker restart, restructuring benefits, etc.) is underappreciated and will drive outperformance of consensus estimates."

Apr. 25, 2013, 3:59 PM | 1 Comment
More on Dow Chemicals' (DOW) Q1 results: Sales fell 2% overall, mainly due to a 13% decline in sales in Feedstocks and Energy. Sales in Agriculture Science jumped 14%, the highest growth among its segments. Overall gross margin widened to 18.6% from 16.5% as input costs dropped 4.7%. Says it continues to review its portfolio to identify other divestitures or strategic actions. Shares +3% premarket.

Apr. 25, 2013, 8:39 AM
Dow Chemical (DOW): Q1 EPS of $0.69 beats by $0.07. Revenue of $14.4B (-2% Y/Y) misses by $0.48B. (PR) Apr. 25, 2013, 7:03 AM
Notable earnings before Thursday’s open: ABC, AIXG, ALK, ALXN, AME, ASPS, AVT, AZN, BC, BG, BIIB, BLL, BMS, BMY, BSX, BWA, CAB, CAM, CCE, CELG, CFX, CL, CMS, CNX, COP, CRR, CSH, D, DAN, DLX, DNKN, DO, DOW, DST, EQT, ESI, ETR, FAF, GPK, GTI, GTLS, HERO, HOG, HP, HSY, IDCC, IMAX, JBLU, KKR, KMT, LEA, LINE, LKQ, LLL, LUV, LVLT, MDP, MJN, MMM, MO, NBL, NLSN, NMM, NYT, O, ODFL, ORI, OXY, PCS, PDS, PH, PHM, POT, PRLB, PTEN, PVR, RCL, RDWR, RRD, RS, RTN, RYN, SCG, SIAL, SUI, SWK, SWY, TASR, TSRA, TWC, UAL, UPS, UTHR, WBC, XOM, YNDX, ZMH

Apr. 25, 2013, 12:05 AM
Notable earnings before Thursday’s open: ABC, AIXG, ALK, ALXN, AME, ASPS, AVT, AZN, BC, BG, BIIB, BLL, BMS, BMY, BSX, BWA, CAB, CAM, CCE, CELG, CFX, CL, CMS, CNX, COP, CRR, CSH, D, DAN, DLX, DNKN, DO, DOW, DST, EQT, ESI, ETR, FAF, GPK, GTI, GTLS, HERO, HOG, HP, HSY, IDCC, IMAX, JBLU, KKR, KMT, LEA, LINE, LKQ, LLL, LUV, LVLT, MDP, MJN, MMM, MO, NBL, NLSN, NMM, NYT, O, ODFL, ORI, OXY, PCS, PDS, PH, PHM, POT, PRLB, PTEN, PVR, RCL, RDWR, RRD, RS, RTN, RYN, SCG, SIAL, SUI, SWK, SWY, TASR, TSRA, TWC, UAL, UPS, UTHR, WBC, XOM, YNDX, ZMH

Apr. 24, 2013, 5:30 PM
Monsanto (MON) and Dow Chemical (DOW) reach new cross-licensing agreements for creation of the next generation of advanced weed and insect control technology in corn. MON will license DOW's new Enlist Weed Control System herbicide-tolerant trait for use in field corn, and Dow will license MON's new corn rootworm technology. Financial terms are not disclosed.

Apr. 11, 2013, 9:18 AM | 2 Comments
While North American specialty chemicals producers should continue to benefit from cost advantage and volume growth, they are unlikely to get help from global price gains in coming years, Credit Suisse says. The firm still sees a positive outlook for U.S. olefin and polyolefin producers such as DOW, LYB and {{WLK]], and chlor-alkali/vinyls producers such as OXY, OLN and AXLL.

Mar. 28, 2013, 3:45 PM
YPF signs a preliminary shale agreement with Dow Chemical (DOW) towards a 50-50 JV for the development of the El Orejano block in Argentina's Neuquen province, one of the first areas to boast discoveries in the Vaca Muerta formation. YPF already partners with Dow in downstream ventures including Argentina's Bahia Blanca petrochemical complex. Mar. 26, 2013, 6:15 PM | 3 Comments
An increasingly vocal campaign is arguing for a go-slow approach in allowing U.S. exports of liquefied natural gas. Industrial firms such as DOW, HUN and AA fear that exporting LNG could hurt the U.S. by driving up gas prices. But an XOM exec asks, "Why should the U.S. government discriminate between a... project to liquefy natural gas and a chemical plant to solidify it into plastic pellets? Both create investment, both create thousands of jobs."

Mar. 25, 2013, 6:45 PM | 16 Comments
Dow Chemical's (DOW) effort to limit U.S. natural gas exports would effectively create a price cap for the commodity, an Exxon (XOM) executive says. Dow begs to differ, of course, but it has concerns about "a tipping point at which LNG exports turn from a net positive for this nation to a net negative... Once you hit that point, it’s too late to go back."

Mar. 21, 2013, 5:13 PM | 11 Comments
Dow Chemical (DOW) says it plans to build several specialty material production plants on the U.S. Gulf Coast to take advantage of cheap shale-derived natural gas. Dow also reaches agreement to provide ethylene supplies to a petrochemical plant on the Gulf being developed by Japanese oil refiner Idemitsu Kosan and trading house Mitsui.

Mar. 18, 2013, 8:48 AM | 1 Comment
Dow Chemical (DOW +0.6%) intends to raise almost $1.5B from selling assets over the next year and a half, and has put its polypropylene licensing & catalysts business and its plastics additives unit up for sale. Dow describes the move as being part of its "rigorous focus on return on capital;" since 2009, the company has sold non-core businesses representing about $8B in revenue. (PR)

Mar. 14, 2013, 10:01 AM
Dow Chemical (DOW) says the International Court of Arbitration ruled it is owed $2.48B by Petrochemical Industries of Kuwait, though it is not clear when the funds will be paid. Dow arranged a $17.4B joint venture with the Kuwaiti firm late in 2008, spinning off its basics plastics business into a standalone company, but PIC pulled out shortly thereafter.

Mar. 4, 2013, 9:58 AM | 1 Comment
The DOJ is claiming victory in a $1B tax shelter dispute with Dow Chemical (DOW). A Louisiana district court shot down tax shelter deals that provided Dow with $1B in tax deductions, and also imposed penalties, the agency claims. Dow says it's "exploring all of its options, including appeal."

Feb. 27, 2013, 5:33 PM
Dow Chemical (DOW) loses a $400M jury verdict in a trial over claims it conspired with other chemical makers to fix the price of urethane products used in making cars, appliances and furniture. The plaintiffs had asked for $1.125B in damages. Shares -0.9% AH.

Feb. 20, 2013, 5:31 PM | 2 Comments
The Dow Chemical Company (DOW) declares $0.32/share quarterly dividend, in line with previous. Forward yield 3.94%. For shareholders of record Mar. 28. Payable Apr. 30. Ex-div date Mar. 26. (PR) Feb. 15, 2013, 9:46 AM
Dow Chemical's (DOW) board approves a share buyback program, authorizing the repurchase of up to $1.5B of the company's common stock. Shares +1% premarket.

Feb. 15, 2013, 8:56 AM
Cambrex (CBM -1%) and Dow Chemical (DOW -0.9%) sign an agreement for CBM to contract manufacture DOW's Hydroxypropyl Methylcellulose Acetate Succinate for use in drug solubility enhancement. The agreement is the final realization of a solubilization partnership that Dow and Bend Research announced in October 2012. Construction has already begun on the new operational facility at Cambrex Karlskoga with commercial product availability set for year-end 2013.

Feb. 14, 2013, 10:59 AM
Dow Chemical (DOW -0.6%) declines to comment on market chatter it's interested in paying €70-80/share to acquire German synthetic-rubber maker Lanxess, which has a market cap of €5.3B after climbing 3.7% to €63.71 on the speculation. However, Berenberg Bank analyst Jaideep Pandya says the price being bandied about doesn't make sense, as Dow has a large capex program and the companies' businesses have little overlap.

Feb. 7, 2013, 9:44 AM
Added to the reasons why Fed policies are counterproductive is companies spending billions to buck up their pension schemes thanks to barely visible interest rates. It's simple math - as rates fall, liabilities rise, and companies must add funds. Ford will spend $5B shoring up its pensions this year, about as much as spent building plants last year.

Feb. 4, 2013, 7:42 AM | 17 Comments
A U.S. government decision to subsidize steel, chemical and other manufacturers by restricting exports of liquefied natural gas would violate global trade rules and damage U.S. credibility after years of challenging exports curbs by China and others, experts warn. Price concerns raised by industrial users such as Dow (DOW) and Nucor (NUE) are "contrary to what the U.S. has been arguing against other countries." Jan. 31, 2013, 4:42 PM | 20 Comments
More on Dow Chemical (DOW) Q4 earnings: Sales volume flat for quarter, with 5% decline in Europe offsetting 5% growth in Asia. Ag Sciences sales +17%, Electronic and Functional Materials +3%, Performance Plastics +1%, Coatings and Infrastructure Solutions +1%, Feedstocks and Energy -9%, Performance Materials -5%. Shares -1.9% premarket. (PR)

Jan. 31, 2013, 7:30 AM
Dow Chemical (DOW): Q4 EPS of $0.33 misses by $0.03. Revenue of $13.9B (-1% Y/Y) beats by $0.2B. (PR) Jan. 31, 2013, 7:03 AM
Notable earnings before Thursday’s open: AET, ALKS, AN, APU, AZN, BEAV, BLL, BMS, BX, CAM, CL, CNH, CNX, COCO, CRR, D, DB, DNKN, DOW, EPD, ERIC, EXXI, HAR, HGG, HP, HSH, HSY, IVZ, LQDT, MA, MJN, MO, MTG, MWW, NDAQ, NVO, OXY, PBI, PCAR, PENN, PHM, POT, R, RCL, RGLD, SHW, TE, TEN, TMO, TWC, UA, UGI, UPS, VIAB, WHR, XEL, ZMH

Jan. 31, 2013, 12:05 AM
Notable earnings before Thursday’s open: AET, ALKS, AN, APU, AZN, BEAV, BLL, BMS, BX, CAM, CL, CNH, CNX, COCO, CRR, D, DB, DNKN, DOW, EPD, ERIC, EXXI, HAR, HGG, HP, HSH, HSY, IVZ, LQDT, MA, MJN, MO, MTG, MWW, NDAQ, NVO, OXY, PBI, PCAR, PENN, PHM, POT, R, RCL, RGLD, SHW, TE, TEN, TMO, TWC, UA, UGI, UPS, VIAB, WHR, XEL, ZMH

Jan. 30, 2013, 5:30 PM
The bullish reading on the AAII Investor Sentiment Survey starts to near an extreme level, rising 8.4 points this week to 52.3%. The last time it was this high was Jan. 2011 - not the worst time to buy, but not the best either. The spread over bears rises to 28 points. 

Jan. 24, 2013, 8:07 AM | 4 Comments
Dow Chemical (DOW) severs ties with the National Association of Manufacturers over differing opinions on whether the U.S. should export its newly abundant supplies of natural gas. Dow wants limits on gas exports, believing unchecked exports will raise domestic prices; NAM says gas sales to foreign buyers would create opportunities for U.S. businesses.

Jan. 18, 2013, 4:53 PM | 43 Comments
Dow Chemical's (DOW -0.3%) controversial new Enlist biotech corn will be delayed at least another year as the company awaits regulatory approval amid opposition from farmers, consumers and public health officials. Dow aims for Enlist eventually to replace Monsanto's (MON +0.6%) market-leading Roundup Ready system.

Jan. 18, 2013, 3:13 PM | 1 Comment
Dow Chemical (DOW) could have to pay damages of over $3B if it loses a trial in which it is accused of conspiring to fix the price of urethane chemicals, which are used in foam products, from at least 1999-2003. The plaintiffs are seeking $1B+, an amount that would be trebled under antitrust law. While Dow is going to court, other defendants settled, with Bayer, Huntsman and BASF paying a combined $149M.

Jan. 17, 2013, 4:52 AM | 1 Comment
The Energy Department is reviewing 16 applications for liquefied natural gas export terminals and could begin making decisions early this year. Big gas users, such as DOW, EMN and NUE, which have benefited from the fall in energy prices via the shale gas boom, join together to keep U.S. gas in the U.S. Blocking such exports would help those few but hurt many more, Michael Economides writes.

Jan. 11, 2013, 5:21 PM | 5 Comments
Dow Chemical (DOW -0.8%) restarts its St. Charles Olefins 2 Plant in Louisiana in a move the chemical giant says will help lower costs and strengthen its competitiveness. DOW says the St. Charles plant, which was idled in Jan. 2009, is expected to deliver a $150M increase in EBITDA in 2013.

Jan. 7, 2013, 10:30 AM
Falling feedstock costs should insulate LyondellBasell (LYB +1.4%) from weaker demand prospects in H1 2013, Jefferies predicts in hiking its price target on shares to $68 from $63. Various headwinds are discounted in LYB's stock price and will be somewhat offset by favorable raw material trends and improved refinery margins, the firm says. DOW and EMN should benefit from many of the same trends.

Jan. 4, 2013, 3:19 PM
Mitsubishi Chemical will partner with Dow Chemical (DOW) to build an industrial complex in Texas that uses shale gas to mass produce value-added chemical products, the Nikkei reported Sunday. Mitsubishi plans to set up an acrylic resin processing plant next to one of the world's largest ethylene plants Dow is set to build. Dec. 24, 2012, 11:08 AM
The shale revolution is ongoing "as discoveries today are advancing at a faster rate than production, suggesting production has a long way to go before it peaks," Credit Suisse says. Steel, chemicals and fertilizers, and industrial machinery will benefit along with oil and gas and oilfield services firms. CS likes: APC, NBL, HAL, PSX, MRO, TRP, KSU, UNP, DOW, GE, SI. Dec. 13, 2012, 6:25 PM | 6 Comments
Dow Chemical (DOW) announced change in payment date of quarterly dividend to Dec. 31 from previously announced Jan. 30. The record date has also been changed to Dec. 24. (PR) Dec. 13, 2012, 3:56 PM | 6 Comments
"I'm so bearish, I'm bullish," writes BAML chief equity strategist Michael Hartnett. "Fourteen economies, with a combined equity and bond market cap of $65T, now have zero interest rates." Roll that one around in your mind for awhile. Hartnett's firm has made headlines of late for having one of the higher 2013 S&P targets on the Street. Dec. 13, 2012, 3:53 PM | 6 Comments
Dow Chemical (DOW) declares $0.32/share quarterly dividend, in line with previous. Forward yield 4.11%. For shareholders of record Dec. 31. Payable Jan. 30. Ex-div date Dec. 27. (PR) Dec. 13, 2012, 8:20 AM
Dow Chemical (DOW) applies for a federal permit to build its biggest ethylene plant, as cheap natural gas gives manufacturers a cost advantage. The $1.7B Texas plant would have capacity to make 1.5M tons of ethylene a year, the same as Texas plants proposed by Chevron Phillips (CVX, PSX) and Exxon (XOM); construction would begin in Jan. 2014.

Dec. 10, 2012, 5:08 PM | 2 Comments
After-hours top gainers, as of 5:15 p.m.: NXY +15%. PLCM +4%. AVGO +2%. UTIW +2%. ALXN +2%. 
After-hours top losers: DMND -4%. TCK -3%. GRPN -3%. DOW -2%. BK -2%. Dec. 7, 2012, 5:47 PM | 1 Comment
Still planning for a slow-growth economy, Dow Chemical (DOW -2.7%) says it will shed businesses with ~$1B of annual revenue as part of efforts to retain its long-term financial targets, including its pledge to boost operating earnings to $10B in the "near term." On the plus side, China's manufacturing supply chain started to fire up again in recent weeks, CEO Andrew Liveris says. Dec. 3, 2012, 2:41 PM
Dow Chemical (DOW) is upgraded to Buy from Neutral with a $36 price target (up from $32) at Goldman Sachs, which notes DOW has lagged peers due to weak trends in the coatings, electronics, materials and non-U.S. ethylene businesses. Goldman believes this weakness sets up potentially significant EPS growth in 2013-14 off lowered 2012 estimates. DOW +1% premarket.

Nov. 13, 2012, 8:17 AM
Dow Chemical (DOW) says it will post a Q4 charge of $900M-$1.1B related to last week's announcement that it will close 20 plants and lay off thousands of workers. The largest U.S. chemical maker says the restructuring program - its second of 2012 - is necessary due to dropping demand for its plastics and other products.

Oct. 30, 2012, 11:55 AM | 1 Comment
Investors like Dow Chemical's (DOW +6%) cost cutting plans more than it dislikes declining Q3 earnings, as CEO Andrew Liveris says DOW will "stop future growth projects that are no longer affordable in this environment." It will focus on projects with "positive returns in the far-distant future," such as expanding ethylene production on the Gulf Coast and building a new chemical plant in Saudi Arabia.

Oct. 24, 2012, 11:59 AM
Premarket gainers: SEH +62%. FB +26%. RFMD +14%. LL +13%. RENN +11%. POL +10%. DOW +6%. ZNGA +5%. GRPN +5%. MM +6%. 
Losers: TPX -21%. NFLX -18%. DSCO -14%. UTHR -12%. INVN -8%. KMT -7%. XOMA -7%. Oct. 24, 2012, 9:10 AM
More on Dow Chemicals (DOW) Q3: Net profit -35% to $582M, hurt by price declines averaging 9% in all regions, which outweigh +2% volume increase. Restructuring, announced earlier, expected to result in savings of $500M/year by end 2014. "Difficult conditions may have extended staying power, as the new reality is that we are operating in a slow-growth and volatile world," says CEO Andrew Liveris.

Oct. 24, 2012, 3:21 AM
Dow Chemical (DOW): Q3 adjusted EPS of $0.42 beats by $0.05. Revenue of $13.6B (-10% Y/Y) misses by $0.62B. (PR) Oct. 24, 2012, 3:06 AM
Dow Chemical (DOW) announces a restructuring program to speed cost reductions and advance the next stage of its transformation, including a cut of ~2,400 positions, or 5% of its global workforce, and the shutdown of ~20 manufacturing facilities. DOW says it will take charges of $0.50-$0.60/share in Q4 related to these measures. Shares -0.7% AH.

Oct. 23, 2012, 5:31 PM | 2 Comments
The slide in DuPont (DD -9%) shares wipes away all their 2012 gains following the weak Q3 earnings report. But DD says it remains on track to achieve its full-year 2012 productivity targets for both fixed costs and working capital, and it is "taking the necessary steps" to move long-term into higher growth, higher margin businesses such as agriculture, nutrition and biotech. Also: DOW -3.1%, MON -1.8%.

Oct. 23, 2012, 2:05 PM | 1 Comment
A recent IRS decision that income from a company’s steam crackers qualifies for the MLP operating structure could be a boon for chemicals producers and could mean a wave of new chemical MLPs down the road. Beneficiaries could include WMB, WLK, LYB and DOW on potential for other chemical assets to be dropped into MLPs.

Oct. 19, 2012, 12:17 PM | 1 Comment
LyondellBasell (LYB +5.7%) extends yesterday's gains sparked by a Barron's report that the hedge fund favorite was named as one of the chemical companies with most upside potential. But chemical names are strong across the board today, perhaps from speculation that a regulatory ruling could open up a move to an MLP structure: WLK +7.7%, DOW +5.3%, HUN +3%. Oct. 16, 2012, 2:33 PM | 2 Comments
Shares of chemical and fertilizer producers fall after Citi says the recent spike in natural gas prices could affect Q4 earnings. Natural gas is used as a feedstock for ammonia production and typically makes up 60%-80% of cash costs, which could affect North American producers such as CF Industries (CF -2%) and Agrium (AGU -1.2%). Also: DOW -0.7%, LYB -0.9%.

Oct. 8, 2012, 2:14 PM | 2 Comments
Another bear gets carried out, as the S&P's close over 1450 has Bob Janjuah backing off his call for stocks to lose maybe 25% of their value by year's end. Tactically neutral at the moment, Janjuah says risk assets are in a bubble, and a weekly close below 1450 might have him short again with the modest target of 800. Sep. 24, 2012, 3:01 PM | 8 Comments
RBC Capital initiates coverage on the chemicals sector today: LyondellBasell (LYB +1%, Celanese (CE +3.8%) and Valspar (VAL +3.4%) are all initiated with an Outperform (I, II, III) and Dow Chemical (DOW +0.1%), DuPont (DD +1%), Eastman Chemical (EMN +0.5%) and PPG Industries (PPG) are started at Sector Perform (I, II, III, IV). Sep. 19, 2012, 11:54 AM
Dow Chemical (DOW) declares $0.32/share quarterly dividend, in line with previous. Forward yield 4.24%. For shareholders of record Sep 28. Payable Oct 30. Ex-div date Sep 26. (PR) Sep. 13, 2012, 9:06 AM
In a tax decision with broad impact for manufacturers, the U.S. 2nd Circuit Court of Appeals rules Dow Chemical (DOW +2.5%) could not retroactively claim R&D tax credits for improving how it made an existing product. Only $8M of R&D claims were at issue, but tax pros say the case was a key test of how broadly companies can claim the tax credit.

Sep. 7, 2012, 3:45 PM
Dow Chemical (DOW -1.7%) says it will rework its business structure and appoint business presidents who will report directly to an executive committee. The move is an attempt to boost sales by cutting bureaucracy and responding more quickly to customer requests after worldwide demand for chlorine, plastics and electronic parts plunged in Q2.

Sep. 4, 2012, 11:31 AM | 2 Comments
The drought may prove a boon for the chemical sector, Credit Suisse says, as propane demand for crop drying likely will be severely impacted; combined with expected high supply, the firm sees soft propane pricing. This would weigh on ethane prices, helping producers like LYB, DOW and WLK maintain profits despite the effect of weaker commodity chemical prices on top-line results.

Aug. 17, 2012, 12:21 PM
While Dow Chemical’s (DOW -0.3%) current valuation is cheap relative to the last five years, it’s pricey compared to the numbers driving the company, which is why AII Journal's Charles Rotblut makes it his "Sell of the Week." DOW's operating margins are shrinking, it has acknowledged weaker demand, and the stock’s price-to-book ratio is above the industry average.

Aug. 15, 2012, 10:57 AM
Berkshire Hathaway (BRK.B) may find itself with additional cash to invest, as Dow Chemical CEO Liveris suggests the company may use the proceeds from a legal dispute with Kuwait to redeem preferred stock, of which Berkshire owns $3B. The redemption would be "very accretive" immediately, says Liveris. (DOW earnings earlier)

Jul. 26, 2012, 12:44 PM
More on Dow Chemical (DOW): Q2 earnings fell 34.5% from last year. A 10% sales decline is led by Europe and the euro. The world economy saw "marked deterioration" in Q2, says CEO Liveris. "Entering 2012 H2, the global macro environment is not improving at the rate previously anticipated." Shares -3% premarket. (PR)

Jul. 26, 2012, 7:35 AM | 1 Comment
Dow Chemical (DOW): Q2 EPS of $0.55 misses by $0.12. Revenue of $14.5B (-10% Y/Y) misses by $1.2B. (PR) Jul. 26, 2012, 7:01 AM | 1 Comment
Notable earnings before Thursday’s open: ABB, ABC, ABX, AGCO, ALKS, ALU, AMLN, AZN, BC, BMS, BSX, BWA, CAM, CELG, CL, CME, CMS, CNX, COV, DAN, DDD, DNKN, DOW, DPS, EQT, ESV, FLIR, FNP, GG, GNC, GTI, HOT, HSY, IMAX, IP, IPG, IRM, IVZ, JNS, KMB, LINE, MCO, MHP, MJN, MMM, MYL, NBL, NEE, NOV, ORI, OXY, PCP, PCS, PHM, PLD, POT, PTEN, RCL, RTN, S, TKR, UAL, UTX, VTR, WEC, WM, WPI, XOM, ZMH

Jul. 26, 2012, 12:05 AM
Notable earnings before Thursday’s open: ABB, ABC, ABX, AGCO, ALKS, ALU, AMLN, AZN, BC, BMS, BSX, BWA, CAM, CELG, CL, CME, CMS, CNX, COV, DAN, DDD, DNKN, DOW, DPS, EQT, ESV, FLIR, FNP, GG, GNC, GTI, HOT, HSY, IMAX, IP, IPG, IRM, IVZ, JNS, KMB, LINE, MCO, MHP, MJN, MMM, MYL, NBL, NEE, NOV, ORI, OXY, PCP, PCS, PHM, PLD, POT, PTEN, RCL, RTN, S, TKR, UAL, UTX, VTR, WEC, WM, WPI, XOM, ZMH

Jul. 25, 2012, 5:30 PM
Dow Chemical (DOW +1.4%) and Turkish acrylics manufacturer Aksa Akrilik Kimya Sanayii announce the formation of DowAksa Advanced Composites Holdings, a joint venture to manufacture and market carbon fiber and derivatives. The combined company plans to develop and globally market a broad range of products and technical support to service the rapidly expanding carbon-fiber composites industry.

Jun. 29, 2012, 10:50 AM
Dow Chemical (DOW -2.2%) is downgraded to Neutral from Overweight at J.P. Morgan, which sees the company as the most expensive of its peers and likely contains the highest earnings risk. The firm maintains its $36 price target on the shares; it believes LYB, WLK and EMN offer more attractive exposure to the sector.

Jun. 26, 2012, 2:19 PM
Exxon (XOM) plans to build a multi-billion dollar chemical plant in Texas to take advantage of cheap North American shale gas, according to an environmental filing seen by Reuters. The plant could be online as soon as 2016 and would sharply boost Exxon's chemical production capacity, helping it better compete with rival Dow Chemical (DOW).

Jun. 1, 2012, 3:01 AM | 1 Comment
Saudi Aramco reportedly is seeking to raise $12.5B in debt to help finance its joint venture with Dow Chemical (DOW). The state-owned oil giant has sent an information memorandum to local and international banks detailing the $20B project due to be completed in 2016 which will produce 3M-plus metric tons/year of petrochemicals.

May 30, 2012, 9:49 AM
Dow Chemical (DOW) wins a final and binding $2.2B award from the International Court of Arbitration in a dispute with Petrochemical Industries of Kuwait. "The company's partnership with Kuwait, which includes several... joint ventures, remains strong and will continue to benefit both parties," Dow says. Shares +3.8% premarket.

May 24, 2012, 8:51 AM
Dow Chemical (DOW -2.3%) issues some cautious comments out of Goldman's Basic Materials Conference this morning, warning that it sees a turbulent operating environment through the second half of this year. While demand in the U.S. shows signs of improvement, especially in its building, electronics and transport sectors, growth in Europe remains weak and China has stalled.

May 23, 2012, 10:46 AM
Dow Chemical (DOW -0.25%) shareholders reject a motion at the company's annual meeting to divide the roles of chairman and CEO on the eventual retirement of chief Andrew Liveris. Shareholders do approve Liveris' $19.3M compensation package for 2011.

May 10, 2012, 12:07 PM | 1 Comment
Dow Chemical (DOW +0.6%) hovers in the green after Morgan Stanley upgraded the shares to Overweight based on expectations for lower ethane prices. The firm also raises its price target to $38 from $35.

May 9, 2012, 2:47 PM
Premarket gainers: PATK +26%. HTWR +15%. REGN +14%. NUAN +14%. LOGI +14%. VHC +12%. CTXS +12%. NRGY +10%. EQIX +9%. CRUS +8%. SPPI +8%. INCY +7%. XLNX +7%. WPI +7%. AMRN +5%. EA +7%. MWW +5%. AH +6%. PHM +6%. AIS +5%. AIXG +5%. LSI +4%. TS +3%. UN +3%. ZNGA +3%. FRO +3%. RDS +3%.
Losers: FURX -28%. PCS -15%. HRB -15%. TQNT -14%. ALU -13%. TSPT -12%. AET -9%. PTX -7%. AKAM -6%. AZN -6%. ZMH -5%. DB -5%. HERO -5%. STD -5%. DOW -4%. CELG -4%. CS -4%. CROX -4%. GG -3%. BWA -3%. UNH -3%. LVS -3%. VALE -3%. UPS -3%. POT -3%.

Apr. 26, 2012, 9:20 AM
Dow Chemical (DOW): Q1 EPS of $0.61 beats by $0.01. Revenue of $14.7B (flat Y/Y) misses by $290M. (PR) Apr. 26, 2012, 7:06 AM
Notable earnings before Thursday's open: ABC, AET, AMLN, AUO, AZN, BC, BG, BLLL, BMY, BWA, CAM, CCE, CELG, CL, CMS, CNX, D, DB, DDD, DNKN, DOW, ELN, EQT, ETR, FIS, GR, GTI, HOT, HP, INCY, IPG, IRM, IVZ, JBLU, K, LINE, LIZ, LLL, LMT, MCO, MJN, MO, MWW, MYL, NBL, NIHD, OCR, ORI, OXY, PCS ,PDS, PEP, PHM, POT, PTEN, RTN, SHPGY, SWC, SWI, SWY, TLAB, TS, TSM, TWC, TYC, UAL, UPS, VNTV, WHR, WM, XEL, XOM, YNDX, ZMH

Apr. 26, 2012, 12:05 AM | 1 Comment
Notable earnings before Thursday's open: ABC, AET, AMLN, AUO, AZN, BC, BG, BLLL, BMY, BWA, CAM, CCE, CELG, CL, CMS, CNX, D, DB, DDD, DNKN, DOW, ELN, EQT, ETR, FIS, GR, GTI, HOT, HP, INCY, IPG, IRM, IVZ, JBLU, K, LINE, LIZ, LLL, LMT, MCO, MJN, MO, MWW, MYL, NBL, NIHD, OCR, ORI, OXY, PCS ,PDS, PEP, PHM, POT, PTEN, RTN, SHPGY, SWC, SWI, SWY, TLAB, TS, TSM, TWC, TYC, UAL, UPS, VNTV, WHR, WM, XEL, XOM, YNDX, ZMH

Apr. 25, 2012, 5:30 PM
A new biotech corn developed by Dow AgroSciences (DOW) could answer the prayers of U.S. farmers plagued by an epidemic of super-weeds, or it could trigger a flood of dangerous chemicals that may make weeds even more resistant. The new corn is engineered to withstand dousings of a common Dow-developed herbicide, but the volatile nature of the herbicide's 2,4-D component worries some.

Apr. 24, 2012, 11:28 AM
DuPont (DD) and Dow Chemical (DOW) hope to provide the answer to a global shortage of resin that threatens to crimp the production of the global automotive industry following a deadly German factory explosion. Both companies are working double speed to find an alternative substance to the now-scarce nylon resin.

Apr. 20, 2012, 7:22 AM
Dow Chemical (DOW) will build a multibillion-dollar plant in Texas to convert natural gas into the building blocks of plastic, becoming the latest chemical maker to capitalize on abundant gas supplies. "The discovery of shale has really recreated the value proposition to build these facilities in what is the world's largest market," CEO Andrew Liveris says.

Apr. 19, 2012, 8:15 AM | 2 Comments
Dow Chemical (DOW) says its Board of Directors has declared a 28% increase in its Q2 dividend, from $0.25 per share to $0.32 per share.

Apr. 12, 2012, 4:16 PM | 1 Comment
Ford (F +0.2%) and Dow Chemical (DOW +1.5%) announce a JV to explore better ways to use carbon fiber in car and truck components. The aim is to improve fuel efficiency by making vehicles lighter, with Ford aiming to cut between 250 and 750 pounds from the weight of its cars and trucks by 2020.

Apr. 12, 2012, 9:49 AM | 4 Comments
Dow Chemical (DOW -0.1%) plans to lay off close to 900 employees and close factories in Illinois, Portugal, Hungary, and Brazil amid weak demand for the its products in Europe. The company says it will take a $350M charge in Q1 to account for costs related to the actions.

Apr. 2, 2012, 10:41 AM | 2 Comments
The FDA lacks the information to ban the chemical bisphenol A (BPA) from being used in food containers but aims to provide a more definitive ruling later this year, the agency said on Friday. Potential winners from a ban of BPA, which has been linked to health problems, include CYT, while losers would include SLGN, BLL, CCK, DOW. (previous)

Apr. 1, 2012, 5:39 AM | 2 Comments
A warning from the NIH on the negative effects of metal can chemical bisphenol A on children has caught the attention of parents and threatens the fortunes of both producers as well as the $60B a year can-making industry. Though regulators haven't acted yet, companies such as Campbell Soup (CPB +1.8%) and H.J. Heinz (HNZ +0.7%) have already jumped the gun by taking steps to remove the compound from their products. In the line of fire: SLGN, BLL, CCK, DOW.

Mar. 30, 2012, 1:39 PM
Natural gas takes out its post-financial crisis bottom, now at its lowest level in a decade. The tiny price (check out this chart!) offers "a competitive advantage across the U.S. manufacturing base ... companies that had left the U.S. in sectors like chemicals and fertilizers are talking about coming back to take advantage."

Mar. 27, 2012, 12:45 PM | 4 Comments
"We are seeing troubling signs for [the Australian] economy at large, maybe even signs of a coming downturn," says Dow Chemical (DOW) CEO Andrew Liveris while unveiling a plan to resurrect Australia's manufacturing sector. An over-reliance on China and a high Aussie dollar are pushing the country to a "tipping point." Mar. 27, 2012, 6:12 AM | 2 Comments
Dow Chemical (DOW -0.6%) trades lower after its Q4 report misses estimates on all fronts. Net income plummeted 87% Y/Y, weighed down by a slump in demand, an income-tax related charge and tough comps from a year-earlier quarter when earnings nearly tripled on heavy demand. Feb. 2, 2012, 10:05 AM | 2 Comments
Premarket gainers: GMCR +21%. CEDC +21%. MTSN +15%. OMEX +10%. GPS +8%. CNQR +6%. EA +6%. CDNS +6%. QCOM +5%. ELGX +5%. GFA +5%. AUO +4%. KSS +4%. ZNGA +4%. IRE +4%. CMI +3%. K +3%. CPST +3%. JDSU +3%. MA +3%. RENN +3%.
Losers: SD -13%. ANF -12%. ANN -10%. NG -9%. BSX -6%. CI -6%. RCL -6%. UN -5%. MPW +4%. VIA -4%. UL -4%. CHKM -4%. SNE -4%. PCX -4%. PHM -3%. DOW -3%. ANZ -3%. CUK -3%. CCL -3%. NBG -3%.

Feb. 2, 2012, 9:00 AM
Dow Chemical (DOW): Q4 EPS of $0.25 misses by $0.05. Revenue of $14.1B (+2% Y/Y) misses by $100M. (PR) Feb. 2, 2012, 7:05 AM
Notable earnings before Thursday's open: ACM, ADS, AGN, ALKS, AZN, BCO, BSX, BX, CAH, CAM, CI, CMI, CME, DB, DO, DOW, GR, HOT, IP, K, LEA, MA, MD, MDC, MRK, MSCI, NOV, NUS, NYT, PHM, PTEN, RCL, RDEN, RGLD, ROP, SBH, SE, SLE, SNE, SXC, TE, TEN, VIAB, WBC, WEC, XEL

Feb. 2, 2012, 12:05 AM
Notable earnings before Thursday's open: AGN, ALKS, AZN, BSX, BX, CAH,CAM, CI, CMI, DB, DO, DOW, HOT, IP, K, LEA, MA, MDC, MRK, NOV, NYT, PHM, PTEN, RCL, SBH, SE, SLE, SNE, SXC, TE, TEN, VIAB, WEC, XEL Feb. 1, 2012, 5:30 PM
Low natural gas prices may be hurting producers, but a range of industries are benefiting, reversing much of the outsourcing meme of 5-8 years ago, writes James Roemer. CF Industries (CF), for one, has seen its natural gas costs decline from $6M to $2M and is planning to spend $1B expanding plants in U.S.

Jan. 17, 2012, 3:56 PM
Dow Chemical's (DOW +3%) wholly owned subsidiary Dow AgroSciences announces a multiyear research agreement with Germany's Fraunhofer Institute for Molecular Ecology. Under the terms of the agreement, both parties will collaborate on projects to develop novel biotechnology approaches to improve and enhance crops.

Jan. 10, 2012, 2:36 PM
Dow Chemical (DOW) says it's "very optimistic" it will receive a positive ruling from an International Chamber of Commerce arbitration panel regarding its claim that Kuwait's government owes it $2.5B plus damages for backing out of a $17.4B plastics JV. CEO Andrew Liveris said in April he expected a ruling by year's end.

Dec. 28, 2011, 10:53 AM
Reuters reports that Malaysia's Petronas is in talks with Shell (RDS.A), Exxon Mobil (XOM), Dow Chemical (DOW), and a host of Japanese firms as it eyes developing petrochemical plants within a planned $20B refinery complex. Industry insiders forecast that the boom of oil infrastructure in the southern part of Malaysia will create a "Greater Singapore" trading hub that could help the region compete with China. Dec. 23, 2011, 7:11 AM
Dow Chemical (DOW) says it has officially formed its joint venture, Sadara Chemical Co., with state-owned Saudi Aramco to build one of the world’s largest chemical plants in Saudi Arabia’s Eastern Province on the Persian Gulf coast. DOW +3.7% premarket.

Nov. 28, 2011, 9:05 AM
Robert Sinn finds the whole energy industry is bullish on natural gas liquids and the Eagle Ford Shale, but Tony Daltorio suggests a less obvious way to play the oil shale boom: ethylene producers Lyondell Basell (LYB), with its history of beating earnings expectations; and Dow Chemical (DOW), also a value play with the stock down 30% in recent months.

Nov. 16, 2011, 3:31 PM
Seeking Alpha offers dueling lists of dividend stocks, naming 10 that look expensive - PM, LTD, CL, LLTC, HSY, MO, HLF, YUM, COH, ACN - and another 10 that appear undervalued - RDY, LFUS, ISCA, DOW, WYNN, COF, BG, TSU, HFC, ALEX.

Nov. 3, 2011, 5:44 PM | 2 Comments
Mix Europe's pullback from the abyss with pent-up capital pouring into the beaten-down materials sector, and you get huge spikes in economically sensitive companies. Alcoa (AA +9%) adds $1B in market cap today, as investors pounce on shares that had shed 34% YTD. Other big winners: DOW +8% despite a disappointing Q3 report, FCX +8.7%, DD +5.5%. Oct. 27, 2011, 3:55 PM | 1 Comment
Dow Chemical (DOW): Q3 EPS of $0.62 misses by $0.01. Revenue of $15.11B (+17% Y/Y) beats by $0.5B. (PR) Oct. 27, 2011, 6:42 AM
Notable earnings before Thursday's open: ABB, ABX, AET, AVP, AVT, AZN, BC, BEN, BG, BLL, BMY, CAH, CAM, CCE, CELG, CL, CLI, CLP, CMS, CNX, CTXS, CVE, DAN, DLR, DOW, ELN, ENDP, EQT, GR, GTI, HOT, HSY, IMAX, INCY, IP, IRM, JCI, LAZ, LM, MCO, MJN, MO, MSI, MWW, NIHD, O, ORI, OXY, PCG, PEG, PHM, POT, PTEN, RCL, REGN, RTN, SNH, SNV, STD, SWI, TKR, TWC, UAL, UTHR, VLY, WBC, WEC, WM, XEL, XOM, XRAY, YNDX, ZMH

Oct. 27, 2011, 12:05 AM
Dow Chemical (DOW) and Saudi Aramco yesterday signed a deal that advances their plans to build one of the world's biggest chemical plants in Saudi Arabia. Costing $20B, of which the firms will provide $12B, the plant is expected to start production in 2015 and earn annual revenue of $10B within a few years. (PR)

Oct. 9, 2011, 6:06 AM
Dow Chemical (DOW +0.3%) reaffirms its earnings targets at its 2011 Investor Day. Helping the firm stay on track to reach its near-term financial targets is the $4B of gross debt eliminated in H1 - which will lower interest expenses by $250M annually.

Oct. 4, 2011, 2:15 PM
Shares of chemical companies turn lower following their European brethren, led by a 4.1% fall in shares of Dow Chemical (DOW).  Decliners: HUN -2.4%, ROC -3.9%, EMN -3.1%, POL -3.1%. Sep. 28, 2011, 11:27 AM
The SEC seeks more offshore disclosures from companies, as more interest kicks up about how much money U.S. firms stockpile abroad to avoid taxes. Though there no disclosures rules are in place, the SEC can raise questions through public comment letters when it believes information is material - as it has done with Caterpillar (CAT), Dow Chemical (DOW), Fortune Brands (FO) and CIT Group (CIT). Sep. 20, 2011, 8:10 AM | 1 Comment
More on Fluor (FLR): Q2 beats estimates as profit was boosted by expansion of projects in the mining and metals sectors. Its project backlog soars to a record $40.3B. Separately, Saudi Aramco and Dow Chemical (DOW) awarded the company a contract for all utilities and offsites at the massive al-Jubail chemical complex in Saudi Arabia. Shares +7.1% AH. 

Aug. 4, 2011, 5:06 PM | 1 Comment
Dow Chemical (DOW -2.8%) announces a plan to build solar manufacturing plants in Thailand and Germany in an effort to broaden its global reach in the up-and-down solar market. The firm says, "converting solar energy into an efficient source of electricity is an area of expertise Dow will continue to develop."

Aug. 3, 2011, 10:36 AM
The U.S. is "becoming a bit of a laughingstock" overseas because of the debt squabbles, Dow Chemical (DOW) CEO Andrew Liveris says, calling it "a massive distraction we didn’t need." That's not the only area where the U.S. is sliding: "My access to R&D talent in China is extraordinary... [The U.S. is] losing our competitiveness on talent generation and IT generation." Jul. 27, 2011, 5:25 PM | 14 Comments
Dow Chemical (DOW): Q2 EPS of $0.85 beats by $0.06. Revenue of $16.05B (+17.8% Y/Y) beats by $1.31B. Shares +1.3% premarket. (PR) Jul. 27, 2011, 6:54 AM
Notable earnings before Wednesday's open: AET, AN, ARW, ATI, BA, COP, CP, DAL, DOW, DPS, ECL, ELN, ENR, EXC, GD, GLW, HES, HSP, IACI, LM, LVLT, LZ, MCO, MT, MWV, MYL, NDAQ, NEE, NOC, PX, RES, ROC, SO, STD, TEVA, TMO, TUP, WLP, WYN, ZMH

Jul. 27, 2011, 12:05 AM
Dow Chemical (DOW -0.5%) is forming a JV with the Saudi Arabian Oil Co. to build a $20B chemicals complex  in the kingdom. The facilities are expected to generate annual revenue of around $10B within a few years. (PR)

Jul. 25, 2011, 8:10 AM | 1 Comment
After getting hit with an $18.2B judgment in Ecuador, Chevron (CVX) goes after the plaintiffs - and Ecuador's court system - in a U.S. court. The oil giant seeks a far-reaching order that would block plaintiffs from collecting on their judgment in the U.S. or anywhere else. Other firms, including DOLE, RDS.A and DOW, say they have also been hit repeatedly by mass injury suits abroad. Jul. 15, 2011, 10:17 AM | 5 Comments
Stocks carve out a new leg down, with the S&P 500 -1.4%, under 1,270. Weakness is broad but basic materials, energy and financials are getting pummeled: DOW -2.9%; MOS -3.3%; BAC -3.2%; CVX -1.8%. The dollar index moves up about 1%. Jun. 15, 2011, 11:55 AM | 6 Comments
Heavy swaps users in the Industrial Energy Consumers of America - including firms like Dow Corning (DOW, GLW), Kodak (EK) and U.S. Steel (X) - want the CFTC to drop its price system that would limit who could see swaps prices. The debate's over "what's more transparent," since Congress has mandated clearinghouses for OTC derivatives.

May 24, 2011, 12:57 PM
UBS offers an odd new way of analyzing stocks: favorable body language. After a meeting with Dow Chemical (DOW), UBS analysts write: "We have met with various Dow managements since the 1980s, [and] never has the body language been more favorable. The smiles on their faces [do] not guarantee future EPS beats, but it typically portends positive developments." Huh? May 11, 2011, 10:22 AM | 13 Comments
Dow Chemical (DOW): Q1 EPS of $0.82 beats by $0.15. Revenue of $14.73B (+20% Y/Y) beats by $0.71B. (PR) Apr. 28, 2011, 6:40 AM
Notable earnings before Thursday open: ABC, AET, AHL, APA, AVT, BC, BG, BLL, BMS, BMY, BWA, CAH, CAM, CCE, CELG CL, CLI, CMS, CNX, CRUS, D, DISCA, DLR, DOW, EQT, HGSI, HOT, HP, HST, IP, IPG, IRM, KBR, LINE, MFA, MHS, MJN, MSI, NBL, NHD, OCR, OMX, ORI, OSK, OXY, PEP, PG, PHM, POT, PTEN, RCL, RTN, S, SAP, SNH, SWY, TWC, TYC, VIA.B, WM, XEL, XOM, ZMH

Apr. 28, 2011, 12:05 AM
Dow Chemical (DOW): Q4 EPS of $0.47 beats by $0.12. Revenue of $13.77B (+10.5% Y/Y) beats by $1.29B. Shares +2.3% premarket. (PR) Feb. 3, 2011, 7:20 AM
Notable earnings before Thursday's open: AMB, BX, CAH, CI, CVS, DO, DOW, EL, HOT, IP, ITT, K, MA, MCO, MF, MRK, NOV, NYT, ONNN, PLD, PTEN, RAI, SE, SNE, VIA.B

Feb. 3, 2011, 12:05 AM
Fertilizer producer K&S sues Dow Chemical's (DOW) Rohm & Haas unit, claiming it's owed a refund for its 2009 purchase of Morton Salt. K&S wants back $14.6M plus interest.

Dec. 31, 2010, 7:42 AM
India's attorney general is pressing the country's supreme court to force Dow Chemical (DOW) to pay another $1.1B in connection to the 1984 Bhopal accident that killed and injured thousands of people. In 1989, a court ordered $471M be paid out to victims, and Dow says further legal action is "both unjust and contrary to law."

Dec. 4, 2010, 5:06 PM | 15 Comments
Dow Chemical (DOW): Q3 EPS of $0.54 beats by $0.13. Revenue of $12.9B (+6.8%) vs. $12.8B. Shares +1.6% premarket. (PR) Oct. 28, 2010, 6:46 AM
Notable earnings before Thursday's open: ABX, AN, ART, AVA, AVP, AVT, BC, BCO, BDC, BEN, BG, BLL, BMS, BRKR, BX, CAH, CCE, CELG, CL, CLI, CLP, CLS, CME, CMS, CNP, CPO, CRI, CRR, DBD, DLX, DOW, DUK, EE, EK, EQT, EXP, FAF, FO, GT, GTI, HEP, HOT, HS, HSC, IART, ICON, IDA, IMAX, IRM, KBR, KMT, LANC, LEA, LINE, LKQX, LLL, LVLT, LZ, MCO, MDU, MJN, MMM, MOT, NBL, NIHD, NXY, OCR, OMX, ORI, OSK, PCH, PNW, POR, POT, PPL, PSSI, PTEN, RGS, RTN, SHAW, STRA, SYNT, TDY, TE, TEL, TEN, TKR, TLCR, TRI, UTHR, VCI, WMB, XEL, XRAY, ZMH

Oct. 28, 2010, 12:05 AM
Major companies such as Goldman Sachs (GS), Dow Chemical (DOW) and Prudential (PRU) have been donating big money to the Chamber of Commerce in a bid to halt financial reform and the Democrat agenda. Prudential's donation, at $2M, may be the largest.

Oct. 22, 2010, 9:51 AM | 3 Comments
Premarket gainers: SOLF +19%. CTSH +13%. NVMI +9%. ESLR +9%. HLF +9%. ACOR +9%. PFE +4%. JASO +4%.
Losers: SYKE -33%. RDN -10%. BHI -8% DOW -6%. OREX -6%. KGC -5%. VVUS -4%. HK -4%. PG -4%. ARNA -4%.

Aug. 3, 2010, 9:00 AM
Dow Chemical (DOW): Q2 EPS of $0.54 misses by $0.02. Revenue of $13.62B (+20.3%) vs. $13.69B. Shares -1.1% premarket. (PR) Aug. 3, 2010, 6:53 AM
Notable earnings before Tuesday's open: ADM, AMT, ARM, BHI, CLX, COH, CTSH, DF, DHI, DISCA, DOW, DUK, EMR, ETR, FAF, FE, HCP, HNT, MA, MFA, MGM, MMC, MRO, NI, NYX, OMX, PFE, PG, PH, PNW, RDC, SII, SPR, SRE, TAP, THC, VNO, VSH

Aug. 3, 2010, 12:05 AM | 1 Comment
With prime house-painting season arriving around the northern hemisphere, paint makers are hiking prices amid a shortage of raw materials, squeezing profits. "There won't be enough house paint to go around" from Akzo (AKZOY.PK), PPG Industries (PPG) and Sherwin-Williams (SHW), and ingredient supplier Dow Chemical (DOW) can't fill all its orders.

Jun. 30, 2010, 11:30 AM | 8 Comments
Israel's MA Industries (MAIXY.PK) is buying privately-held U.S. firm Albaugh for around $1B. The move will bolster MA's position in the Americas and solidify its standing as the world's biggest generic agrochemical maker.

Jun. 27, 2010, 1:36 PM
Eight officials charged in connection with Union Carbide's 1984 Bhopal gas leak have been found guilty of "death by negligence" by a district court, Indian news channels say. The accident killed thousands and left many more with lifelong medical problems.

Jun. 7, 2010, 10:32 AM | 4 Comments
Chemical companies are developing soybean, corn and cotton varieties tolerant of harsh older pesticides so that farmers can freely spray these on fields invaded by weeds that are growing immune to Monsanto's (MON) Roundup. It's a "very significant opportunity" for Dow Chemical (DOW), DuPont (DD), Bayer (BAYRY.PK), BASF (BASFY.PK) and Syngenta (SYT).

Jun. 4, 2010, 10:11 AM | 5 Comments
"Stop panicking," says Dow Chemical (DOW +1.4%) CEO Andrew Liveris to investors, "demand is good." At the Goldman Sachs Basic Materials Conference, Liveris highlighted the difference he sees between Wall Street (where "the sky is falling") and Main Street, where everything's fine. His order books show improving demand each month.

Jun. 2, 2010, 10:47 AM | 15 Comments
The upward trend in Dow Chemical's (DOW -0.2%) operating rates means global demand is gaining momentum, Todd Sullivan says. Since much of Dow’s demand is based on upcoming production from manufacturers, it shows a strengthening economy for at least the next few quarters.

Apr. 29, 2010, 3:36 PM
Market recap: Stocks rebounded from yesterday's drubbing, buoyed by better-than-expected earnings and the Fed's latest "extended period" statement. Still, the indexes recovered only a small portion of their losses, and NYSE advancers barely outpaced decliners. Top gainers include Dow (DOW +5.6%), AIG (AIG +5.3%) and Masco (MAS +5.0%). Apr. 28, 2010, 4:05 PM
Market Preview: Futures suggest a strong open, with earnings from Dow (DOW), Goodyear (GT) and others overcoming heavy losses in Europe on debt contagion fears. S&P futures +0.7%. Traders are keying up for possible language changes in today's FOMC announcement (calendar). Apr. 28, 2010, 9:15 AM
Dow Chemical (DOW): Q1 EPS of $0.43 beats by $0.13. Revenue of $13.4B (+48.4%) vs. $12.9B. Shares -3% premarket. (PR) Apr. 28, 2010, 6:39 AM
Notable earnings before Wednesday's open: ABX, AOL, ATI, BEN, CMCSA, DOW, EQT, FR, GD, GLW, GT, HES, HL, HST, IACI, IVZ, JBLU, JNY, MHS, MPEL, MWV, NOC, OC, PX, RCL, RDS.A, ROK, S, SAP, SEE, SEIC, SO, TEL, TMO, UMC, VTR, WLP, WYN
 

Apr. 28, 2010, 12:05 AM
Dow Chemical (DOW +1.6%) is selling its Styron unit to Bain Capital in a $1.6B deal that gives Dow the option to receive up to 15% percent of Styron's equity. The deal is expected to close by August (PR).

Mar. 2, 2010, 9:39 AM
TPG Capital is said to be the lead bidder for Dow Chemical's (DOW) Styron plastics business, with a deal expected as soon as this week. Dow has been trying to sell the unit for several months, and is expected to receive over $1.5B for it. Mar. 1, 2010, 7:20 AM
Dow Chemical (DOW): Q4 EPS of $0.18 beats by $0.07. Revenue of $12.4B (+15%) vs. $11.8B. (PR) Feb. 2, 2010, 6:45 AM
Notable earnings before Tuesday's open: ADM, ADP, AMB, ARM, BP, CMI, COCO, DHI, DOW, EMR, ETR, HSY, LXK, MPEL, MRO, PBG, PCX, SU, UPS, WHR

Feb. 2, 2010, 12:05 AM
Brazilian petrochemical giant Braskem (BAK -2%) agreed on a $477M purchase of Quattor Petroquimica - combining to pass Dow Chemical (DOW) as the biggest manufacturer of plastic resins in the West. With asset values down in the crisis, Braskem has said it's set out to buy rivals saddled with debt. Jan. 22, 2010, 10:21 AM
Dow Chemical (DOW -1.1%) is trying to narrow the field of bidders for its Styron unit, which it thought could bring $1B-2B. The division, which makes polystyrene, rubber and latex, has mainly drawn private-equity bids, but some strategic interest as well.

Jan. 11, 2010, 3:36 PM
Dow Chemical (DOW): Q3 EPS of $0.24 beats by $0.14. Revenue of $12.05B (+6.4%) vs. $11.85B. "The economic outlook for the rest of 2009 appears to be stabilizing with strong growth in Asia Pacific, especially China, and other emerging geographies. The global economy is now on firmer footing, and, in our view, the U.S. economy is beginning a slow and tenuous recovery, with unemployment continuing to be a drag on consumer spending." (PR) Oct. 22, 2009, 6:39 AM | 2 Comments
Notable pre-market earnings: AUO, BDK, BG, BMY, CBE, CELG, CHKP, CIT, CNX, DAL, DHR, DO, DOW, EMC, ERIC, ESV, ETR, FITB, GR, HBAN, HOT, HSY, JBLU, JNS, KMB, LCC, LH, LM, MCD, MJN, MMM, MRK, NCR, NIHD, NUE, NVS, NYT, ORI, OXY, PDS, PLD, PM, PNC, POT, R, RAI, RGC, RS, RTN, RX, SGP, STI, SY, T, TASR, TIN, TMO, TRA, TRV, UNP, UPS, XRX, ZMH

Oct. 22, 2009, 12:05 AM
Dow Chemical (DOW) says its Union Carbide subsidiary completed the divestiture of Optimal Group to Malaysia's state-owned oil company Petronas for $660M to further reduce debt incurred in its acquisition of Rohm and Haas earlier this year. The company's debt had become a concern for some investors. DOW -2.1%. Sep. 30, 2009, 9:52 AM
Dow Chemical (DOW) sells $2.75B in public notes, so that this year it can repay the bridge loan it took out to acquire Rohm and Haas.

Aug. 4, 2009, 6:15 PM | 1 Comment
Dow Chemical (DOW) calls a bottom: "The economic outlook for the rest of 2009 appears to be stabilizing with strong growth in Asia Pacific, especially China, where domestic stimulus programs have created demand. In our view, the U.S. economy has found bottom, but will be slow in recovering as unemployment continues to be a drag on consumer spending." (PR) Jul. 30, 2009, 7:06 AM
Dow Chemical (DOW): Q2 EPS of $0.05 beats by $0.14. Revenue of $11.3B (-40%) vs. $13B. (PR) Jul. 30, 2009, 7:04 AM
Notable earnings before Thursday's open: ABC, ABX, ADP, ALU, AOC, APA, ARTG, AVP, AVY, AZN, BC, BCRX, BDX, BEN, CI, CINF, CL, CLI, CMI, CMS, CNX, COL, COV, CVC, DLR, DOW, EK, ENDP, EXPE, FAF, GT, GTI, HP, INCY, IP, IRM, K, KBR, KIM, KSU, LVLT, MA, MOT, MYL, NBL, NRG, NWL, NYX, OCR, OMX, OSK, PCZ, PH, PTEN, RDS.A, RGC, RYN, SBH, SNE, SPR, TEN, TRV, TSM, TYC, VTR, WMI, WYNN, XEL, XOM

Jul. 30, 2009, 12:05 AM
Premarket gainers: JDAS +25%. INCY +18%. AKRX +12%. CAT +12%. CIT +7%. SPPI -7%. IP +7%. UAUA +6%. HEB +6%. CTIC +5%. JOYG +5%. YGE +5%. LVS +5%. JASO +5%. MGM +5%. AIB +5%. SOL +4%. WYNN +4%. DE +4%. MRK +4%. TSTR +4%. MON +4%. DOW +4%.
Losers: RF -11%. LXK -11%. ZION -7%. AKS -5%. STT -4%. SAY -4%.

Jul. 21, 2009, 9:00 AM
Dow Chemical (DOW) +3.7% after Goldman reasserts its Conviction Buy rating and $23 target. Analyst Robert Koort believes Dow's expanded portfolio of specialty chemicals following the Rohm and Haas deal, representing over $30B billion in revenue, will see impressive margin recovery over the coming 18-24 months.

Jul. 20, 2009, 10:47 AM
Dow Chemical (DOW) to eliminate 2,500 positions as part of $1.3B restructuring related to the Rohm and Haas acquisition. (PR)

Jul. 1, 2009, 8:36 AM
S&P leaders: GM +7%. MRK +3%. PFE +3%. FHN +3%. JEC +3%. Laggards: GNW -24%. LIZ -23%. ODP -18%. MTG -16%. FITB -15%. DDR -15%. HBAN -14%. AKS -14%. HIG -13%. ATI -12%. GT -12%. ACAS -12%. IP -12%. MI -12%. MTW -12%. AIG -12%. RF -11%. JNY -11%. UIS -11%. PLD -11%. DOW -10%. CBG -10%. GCI -11%. MEE -10%. ZION -10%. TEL -9%. TIE -9%. LUK -9%. HAR -9%. MWV -9%. AA -9%. NUE -9%. XL -9%. WYN -9%. AIV -9%. MAS -9%.

May 13, 2009, 1:15 PM
Premarket gainers: MGM +55%. HGSI +28%. PCX +22%. AEG +20%. LVS +19%. FSLR +15%. DOW +14%. MPEL +12%. ARRS +11%. ING +11%. IP +10%. ESLR +10%. DRYS +9%. BCS +9%. AKAM +9%. SRZ +9%. OMX +8%. CMCSA +8%. SOL 8%. SOLF +8%. ACAS +8%. JASO +8%. SPWRA +8%. LDK +7%. RFMD +7%. UBS +7%. TYC +6%. AIB +8%. HBAN +6%. FITB +6%. WYNN +6%. RAD +6%. HBC +6%. AZ +6%. TSM +6%. RF +6%. ETFC +6%. ORLY +5%. LSI +5%. GM +5%. BAC +5%. MTL +5%. CTXS +5%. C +5%.

Apr. 30, 2009, 9:04 AM
Dow Chemical (DOW): Q1 EPS of $0.12 beats by $0.33. Revenue of $9.1B (-38.7%) vs. $11.7B. Shares +1.4% premarket. (PR) Apr. 30, 2009, 6:47 AM
Notable earnings before Thursday's open: APA, ASH, AZN, BC, BWA, CAH, CELG, CI, CINF, CL, CLI, CMCSA, CMS, COCO, COV, CTL, D, DLR, DOW, EK, ENTG, EQT, ERIC, EXPE, FAF, GTI, HOT, HP, IP, IRM, K, KBR, KIM, KSU, LKQX, LNT, MRO, MOT, MYL, NBL, NEM, NRG, NWL, NYX, OC, OCR, OMX, OSK, PDE, PEI, PG, PTEN, RGC, RYN, SEPR, SPR, SWY, TRV, TSM, TYC, VIA.B, WMB, WPI, XEL, XOM

Apr. 30, 2009, 12:05 AM
Premarket gainers: ELX +43%. THC +23%. COH +8%. HOGS +7%. GM +5%. UNH +4%.
Losers: ZION -24%. HBAN -23%. FITB -16%. NTRS -14%. KEY -12%. BJS -12%. RF -12%. MGM -11%. ETFC -11%. IFX -11%. BAC -10%. BRCM -9%. BK -9%. C -8%. DT -8%. STT -8%. LVS -7%. DOW -6%. APOL -6%. STI -6%. COF -5%. PUK -5%. HIG -5%. CAT -5%. PNC -5%.

Apr. 21, 2009, 9:00 AM
Premarket gainers: MGM +25%. AIB +21%. IRE +20%. EXM +17%. HBC +13%. CNO +13%. GM +13%. GNA +13%. AIG +11%. HBAN +11%. ING +11%. LVLT +9%. MT +9%. DB +9%. SANM +9%. C +9%. BAC +9%. DHI +9%. BCS +9%. ERX +8%. LYBG +8%. HIG +8%. AKS +8%. RF +8%. DYN +8%. CROX +8%. GNW +8%. HOV +8%. LVS +7%. AAUK +7%. X +7%. FITB +7%. BHP +87%. JASO +7%. DOW +7%. SOLF +7%. WYNN +7%. MAC +7%.
Losers: CDE -5%. ELN -5%. DGP -3%. HL -3%. AUY -3%. RAD -3%.

Apr. 2, 2009, 9:00 AM | 3 Comments
To pay for part of its $16.3B acquisition of Rohm & Haas (ROH), Dow Chemical (DOW) sells Rohm & Haas' profitable Morton salt unit to Germany's K&S AG for $1.68B.

Apr. 2, 2009, 7:10 AM
Putting and end to a protracted chapter, Dow Chemical (DOW) completes its acquisition of Rohm & Haas (ROH). DOW +3.2% to $8.70.

Apr. 1, 2009, 1:26 PM | 1 Comment
Premarket gainers: AIG +20%. BCS +14%. RICOY +8%. C +8%. BAC +7%. FITB +7%. ABK +7%. UBS +6%. DNDN +6%. COF +5%. LVS +5%. DOW +4.5%. NOK +4.5%. HBAN +4.5%. DRYS +4%. HBC +4%. GSK +4%. ASML +4%. TCK +4%.

Mar. 16, 2009, 9:00 AM
Let's not get ahead of ourselves - Dow Chemical (DOW) / Rohm & Haas (ROH) is far from a done deal.

Mar. 11, 2009, 2:38 PM
Dow Chemical (DOW) says it's in talks to revive its JV with Kuwait that the latter abandoned last year. "We are definitely in discussions," DOW CEO Andrew Liveris tells Bloomberg. "I want to downplay expectations because of what happened last time." DOW -7.1% to $6.38. Mar. 11, 2009, 2:15 PM
Premarket losers: AVAV -30%. DOW -9%. STEM -8%. GERN -2%.

Mar. 10, 2009, 9:03 AM
Dow Chemical (DOW) and Rohm & Haas (ROH) are engaged to be wed - again - at the same $78/share that got things started last July. Shares were halted earlier with ROH +16% to $74 and DOW -11% to $6.33. According to GF, DOW's market cap of $5.85B is well less than half of ROH's $14.45B. Mar. 9, 2009, 4:40 PM | 1 Comment
Rohm & Haas (ROH) and Dow Chemical (DOW) were halted at 2:25. Mar. 9, 2009, 2:31 PM | 2 Comments
Rohm and Haas (ROH, Dow Chemical (DOW) trial postponed to tomorrow. (WSJ) Mar. 9, 2009, 2:12 PM
Dow Chemical (DOW) and Rohm & Haas (ROH) ask to delay their scheduled court appearance, to enable "continued settlement discussions." DOW +0.6%. ROH +8.2%. Mar. 9, 2009, 9:27 AM
Premarket gainers: Q +9.5%. YGE +9%. GNW +6%. PCX +7%. UBS +7%. TRA +6%. CETV +6%. HBAN +6%. DOW +5%. STI +5%. GFI +5%.

Feb. 10, 2009, 9:00 AM
Sources say the Kuwait Investment Authority would consider increasing its support for Dow Chemical's (DOW) takeover of Rohm & Haas (ROH) if the terms of the deal were updated to reflect the current downturn. Feb. 10, 2009, 8:27 AM
Rohm & Haas (ROH) writes another letter to Dow Chemical's (DOW) board, accusing it of using scare tactics to avoid consummating their merger. Says Dow still has "the resources and flexibility," but has instead "embarked on an aggressive campaign in an attempt to frighten our employees, communities and customers with its statements." Feb. 8, 2009, 5:29 PM
Rohm & Haas (ROH +2.3%) #2 shareholder, Paulson & Co., says it's figured out how Dow Chemical (DOW +0.6%) can close the deal: slash its dividend, issue $4B in new shares and sell $5B in bonds. "We don't believe that by intentionally refusing to close the transaction that you are benefiting your shareholders."

Feb. 5, 2009, 2:07 PM | 2 Comments
Rohm & Haas (ROH) fires back at Dow Chemical (DOW): "We understand that this is a difficult environment for the chemical industry," but, "We are convinced that Dow has the ability to close the deal and succeed." (previously)

Feb. 3, 2009, 2:14 PM | 1 Comment
Dow Chemical (DOW) files response (.pdf) to Rohm & Haas (ROH) litigation over their aborted merger. Must read. Short version: DOW denies all conditions have been met, and says the unforeseeable economic and credit crisis has "made it impossible" to seal the deal without "jeopardizing the very existence of both companies." Feb. 3, 2009, 9:28 AM
SA contributor Todd Sullivan on Fox Business TV at 7:00 a.m. to discuss earnings results of Dow Chemical (DOW). Feb. 3, 2009, 7:04 AM
Dow Chemical (DOW): Q4 EPS of -$0.62 misses by $0.68. Revenue of $10.9B (-23.4%) vs. $13.3B. Shares -1.4% premarket. (PR) Feb. 3, 2009, 6:47 AM
Notable earnings before Tuesday's open: ADM, ADP, AVP, BP, CAM, CE, CME, CMI, COCO, COL, DHI, DOW, EMR, ETR, HNT, IACI, KSU, LPX, MDU, MOT, MRK, MRO, MYGN, NNN, NOC, PEG, PNC, PRGO, SGP, TYC, UPS, WEC

Feb. 3, 2009, 12:05 AM
Dow Chemical (DOW) says it's highly offended by a Kuwaiti investigation of the terms of their aborted JV, probing "highly-controversial issues, notably" whether the deal involved "irregularities, fraud, or bribe-taking." DOW -6.85% to $12.52.

Jan. 29, 2009, 3:18 PM | 2 Comments
Premarket losers: GLW -8%. CEF -7%. BNK -7%. GERN -6%. SLW -5%. DOW -4%. EMC -3%. VLW -3%. MHP -3%. DAL -3%. VLO -3%.

Jan. 27, 2009, 9:00 AM
Dow Chemical (DOW) CEO says he's definitely interested in pursuing dialogue with Rohm & Haas (ROH); it's his great hope they will find a way to get the companies together; but that at agreed price deal would be an 'economic disaster' for all parties. (CNBC)

Jan. 27, 2009, 7:15 AM
Rohm & Haas (ROH) files suit against Dow Chemical (DOW) to force Dow to complete its $15.3B purchase of the specialty-chemicals company. (previously)

Jan. 27, 2009, 7:01 AM
Premarket gainers: BCS +52%. IRE +33%. ING +26%. LYG +21%. AEG +16%. RBS +14%. AIB +13%. DOW +12%. PHG +8%. GERN +7%. AU +7%. PUK +7%. STEM +6%. LEN +6%. NG +6%. GFI +6%. GNW +6%. DRYS +6%. HBC +5%. WYE +5%. JASO +5%. C +5%. BAC +5%.

Jan. 26, 2009, 9:00 AM
Dow Chemical (DOW) tells Rohm & Haas (ROH) it will not close the pending acquisition on or before Jan. 27 deadline. DOW +9.2% premarket. ROH -15%.

Jan. 26, 2009, 8:57 AM
Dow Chemical (DOW) CEO Andrew Liveris says he'll swallow the $100M/month 'ticking fee' on the Rohm & Haas (ROH) acquisition if need be, missing coming Monday's deadline in order to raise enough cash to fund the deal without drowning in debt. "The ticking fee is not a huge amount of money." Ok. Jan. 7, 2009, 2:38 PM
One headline you should - but won't - see today, Jeff Matthews says: Dow (DOW) -- We’re Firing 5,000 Workers So We Can Make a Stupid Acquisition. Jan. 6, 2009, 5:16 PM
Dow Chemical (DOW +2.9%) says it will sue Kuwait for more than $2.5B for reneging on their JV, while noting two other parties have expressed interest in the unit. "We will stay on strategy," CEO Andrew Liveris says in an interview. “The news of our demise is greatly exaggerated."

Jan. 6, 2009, 9:41 AM
We suspect Dow's (DOW) banks have some 'out' of their committment to fund the Rohm & Haas (ROH) deal, Buckingham Research says, in the event Dow's business collapses. "With Q4 already looking like a disaster, perhaps Dow could 'throw in the kitchen sink' and produce results so bad that the banks could pull out of the bridge facility." Ouch.

Dec. 30, 2008, 3:07 PM
We suspect Dow's (DOW) banks have some 'out' of their committment to fund the Rohm & Haas (ROH) deal, Buckingham Research says, in the event Dow's business collapses. "With Q4 already looking like a disaster, perhaps Dow could 'throw in the kitchen sink' and produce results so bad that the banks could pull out of the bridge facility." Ouch.

Dec. 30, 2008, 2:06 PM
What might a renegotiatied deal for Rohm & Haas (ROH) look like? At a recent $54, Dow Chemical (DOW) would save $4.7B, while ROH shareholders would still enjoy 17x 2009 earnings and a 20% premium to its pre-deal price.

Dec. 30, 2008, 11:27 AM
Even assuming Dow Chemical (DOW) can access a $13B bridge loan to buy Rohm & Haas (ROH), there's a good chance lenders (C, MER, MS) will pressure Dow to renegotiate the $15.4B deal - especially in light of yesterday's ratings downgrades.

Dec. 30, 2008, 10:28 AM | 1 Comment
Dow Chemical (DOW) could in theory pocket as much as $2.5B for the scrapped JV in Kuwait - if it can prove in court the Gulf state violated contract terms. The two dispute whether Kuwait was allowed to back out before the Jan. 1 start date, but it may not be in Dow's best interest to sue.

Dec. 30, 2008, 9:59 AM
S&P and Moody's cut Dow Chemical's (DOW) credit rating after its Kuwaiti JV falls apart. Dec. 30, 2008, 7:22 AM
Analysts say Dow Chemical (DOW -17.8%) is unlikely to receive any damages from Kuwait's balk on their $17.4B JV, because the $2.5B penalty only kicks in on Jan. 1. Meanwhile, if Dow does manage to back out of buying Rohm & Haas (ROH -16.4%), it faces a $750M breakup fee. Dec. 29, 2008, 2:23 PM
Markets continue to struggle, with little good news to cheer up the few who bothered to come in to work. Let's see: Dow (DOW) gets dissed by Kuwait; Chicago and Dallas Fed post dismal manufacturing numbers; and sudden unrest in Gaza has everyone on edge. Dow -1.2%. S&P -1.3%. Nasdaq -2%. Dec. 29, 2008, 2:02 PM
With Dow Chemical (DOW) now down close to 20%, its dividend yield has swelled to an astonishing 11%. Dow has publicly defended its $1.68 payout, but as has been the case over recent months, things are apt to change without warning. Dec. 29, 2008, 12:43 PM
Rohm & Haas (ROH -21% to $49.90) is under pressure after Kuwait's cancellation of a JV with Dow Chemical (DOW) puts DOW's deal to buy ROH in jeopardy. ROH may soon revisit its pre-deal price of $45, Oppenheimer says, and if the merger falls apart, "ROH could trade to DuPont's (DD) P/E multiple of 11x or so, or to the mid-$20s."

Dec. 29, 2008, 10:19 AM
Premarket losers: ROH -22%. DOW -9%. ALD -7%.

Dec. 29, 2008, 9:00 AM
Premarket, Dow Chemical (DOW) -8.7% and Rohm & Haas (ROH) -19.3% after Kuwait pulls out of its planned $17.4B joint venture with Dow.

Dec. 29, 2008, 8:28 AM
Dow Chemical (DOW): Yes, Kuwait has informed us it's backing out of our $17B JV. Of course we're disappointed. (PR) Dec. 28, 2008, 4:58 PM | 1 Comment
Kuwait's cabinet has cancelled a deal to form a $17.4B petrochemical JV with Dow Chemical (DOW). Kuwaiti TV says the government no longer sees any benefit from the deal as a result of the global financial crisis and its impact on the OPEC producer. Dec. 28, 2008, 9:24 AM | 1 Comment
Go long oil explorers (APC, APA, CGO, CHK), and short chemical stocks (DOW, EMN, ECL, DD), BCA Research suggests. Here's why. Dec. 24, 2008, 2:28 PM
Here's the transcript of Dow Chemical's (DOW) transformational strategy call, in which it answers the question: "If the Detroit Three were to become the Detroit Two, what is the impact on Dow?" The accompanying slide show (.pdf). Dec. 8, 2008, 5:28 PM
Dow Chemical (DOW) is planning to cut 5,000 jobs, or about 11% of its global staff, close 20 facilities, and temporarily idle 180 plants. "The current world economy has deteriorated sharply, and we must adjust ourselves to the severity of this downturn." (PR)

Dec. 8, 2008, 8:10 AM
Dow Chemical (DOW), and the global economy for which it's a leading indicator, is in for more tough times, CEO Andrew Liveris tells CNBC (video). "It's going to be bad but let's say a year or two from now it'll be good and the cycle will go the other direction." Dec. 2, 2008, 4:40 PM
Premarket gainers: MNT +88.3%. S +7.5%. F +5.5%. YHOO +4%. ROH +4%. DOW +3%.

Dec. 1, 2008, 8:41 AM
Premarket losers: ING -9.3%. LVS -8%. SYT -7%. BCS -6%. GM -5.5%. FSLR -5%. ALU -5%. PBR -5%. BHP -4%. ERIC -4%. RIO -4%. AZN -4%. FCX -4%. GLW -4%. STO -4%. DRYS -4%. UBS -4%. DOW -4%. ASML -4%. AAUK -4% MET -4%. HBC -4%.

Nov. 19, 2008, 9:05 AM
"The financial markets are working for us," Dow Chemical (DOW) says, noting it has no trouble issuing commerical paper. Reports last week said some of Dow's second-tier peers wanted the Fed to expand its CP program to cover their debt.

Nov. 17, 2008, 3:08 PM
"The global economy is now feeling the full effects of the same economic issues that have plagued the U.S. for the past several quarters. These issues have now been exacerbated by the lack of credit, resulting in a drop in demand not only in the U.S., but around the world." - Dow Chemical (DOW)

Oct. 23, 2008, 1:45 PM
Premarket gainers: VDSI +14.8%. CTXS +12.2%. DOW +9%. GSIC +8%. LLY +8%. HMY +7.3%. CHU +6.9%. IPI +6.8%. GFI +6.7%. POT +7.1%. SYT +6.3%. GGP +6.2%. AU +5.4%

Oct. 23, 2008, 9:13 AM
Early premarket gainers: CHU +5.6%. ELN +5.5%. DOW +4.9%. AMGN +4.6%. VOD +3.25%. LYG +3.2%. POT +3.6%. AZN +2.7%.

Oct. 23, 2008, 8:18 AM
Dow Chemical (DOW) CEO Andrew Liveris on CNBC: "I will never cut the dividend." Oct. 23, 2008, 7:23 AM
Dow Chemical (DOW): Q3 EPS of $0.60 beats by $0.03. Revenue of $15.41B (+13.4%) vs. $15.63B. "In our view, we will likely see a global recession through most of 2009," DOW says. (PR) Oct. 23, 2008, 6:38 AM
Notable earnings before Thursday's open: AAI, ALK, ALXN, AMTD, AUO, AVT, BC, BEN, BG, BMY, CBE, CCE, CELG, CNX, DO, DOW, ECA, ECL, ELN, EME, EPD, EQT, ESI, ESV, F, FLIR, GR, HOT, JBLU, JCI, JNS, LCC, LH, LLL, LLY, LTM, LVLT, MO, NIHD, NOV, NYT, ORI, PCZ, PDS, PLD, POT, RGC, RHD, RSH, RTN, RX, SO, STI, TMO, TRA, UNP, UPS, XEL, XRX, ZMH

Oct. 23, 2008, 12:05 AM
Many commodity stocks hitting 52-week lows. DOW -8.86%. DuPont - 5.5%. MON -11.98%. MOS -17%. FCX-18%. Sep. 29, 2008, 3:37 PM
Dow Chemical (DOW): Q2 EPS of $0.81 misses by $0.04. Revenue of $16.38B (+23.5%) vs. $14.89B. [PR] Jul. 24, 2008, 6:41 AM
Notable earnings before Thursday's open I: ABC, ABI, AN, ASH, AUO, BBI, BBW, BC, BDX, BEN, BG, BMY, BNI, CACH, CBE, CELG, CPS, DAI, DO, DOW, ECA, ECL, ELN, ESI, ESV, EVR, F, FCL, FLIR, FRZ, GR, HOT, HTV, IMCL, IVGN, IVZ, JNS, KCI, KMB Jul. 24, 2008, 12:02 AM
If you like Dow Chemical (DOW), Barron's says, you'll probably like DuPont (DD) even better.

Jul. 13, 2008, 5:05 PM
Dow Chemical's (DOW) Rohm and Haas (ROH) buyout is the second deal in recent months involving Berkshire (BRK.A), and the first featuring the Kuwait Investment Authority. How long before buyers skip cash-strapped Wall St. firms altogether? Jul. 10, 2008, 3:43 PM
Not long ago, Dow Chemical's (DOW -3.5%) $18.8B buyout of 'beachfront property' Rohm and Haas (ROH +65.3%) would have triggered M&A euphoria. Today, it triggers puzzlement. "Wall Street is not open to the vision thing."

Jul. 10, 2008, 2:23 PM
Dow Chemical (DOW) CEO Andrew Liveris says he expects its Moody's credit rating to remain unchanged at investment grade following its $18.8B cash buyout of Rohm and Haas (ROH). Financers include BRK.A, C, MER and MS. Jul. 10, 2008, 8:31 AM
Dow Chemical (DOW) is buying specialty materials firm Rohm and Haas (ROH) for $78/share in cash ($18.8B) - a 74% premium.

Jul. 10, 2008, 7:22 AM
Dow Chemical (DOW +1.4%) is rasing prices by another 25% - following last month's 20%.

Jun. 24, 2008, 9:05 AM
"The country now faces a true energy crisis, one that is causing serious harm to America's manufacturing sector," Dow (DOW) CEO Andrew Liveris said, explaining its 20% price-hike.

May 28, 2008, 9:37 AM
Dow Chemical (DOW +0.9%) hikes prices 20% across the board due to high costs for raw materials, energy and transport.

May 28, 2008, 9:34 AM
 
Top Authors|RSS Feeds|Sitemap|About Us|Contact Us
Terms of Use|Privacy|Xignite quote data|© 2017 Seeking Alpha
