Sign in / Join Now
Market News
Stock Ideas
Dividends
Market Outlook
Investing Strategy
ETFs & Funds
Earnings
PRO
VOD	$25.88	0.68 (2.70%)	
4:00 PM 3/15/17
Vodafone Group Plc  |  NASDAQ
Post-Market:$25.880.00 (0.00%)4:24 PM
Get Alerts
41,338 followers
1D5D1M6M1Y5Y10YAdvanced Chart

52wk high:34.70
52wk low:24.17
EPS:-3.34
PE (ttm):-
Div Rate (fwd):0.08
Yield (fwd):0.32%
Market Cap:$67.09B
Volume:12,230,728
LATESTANALYSISNEWSSTOCKTALKKEY DATAFINANCIALS
AllDividendsM&APress ReleasesOther News
Dueling stories on Vodafone/Liberty Global tie-up
A story in The Register says the two companies are back at the negotiating table, with the fourth floor of Vodafone's (NASDAQ:VOD) Newbury HQ sealed off to all but execs.The FT, however, says nothing has changed from two weeks ago when Vodafone CEO Vittorio Colao said no active talks between his company and Liberty Global (NASDAQ:LBTYA) were taking place.
Today, 4:28 PM | 3 Comments
Vodafone picks Nokia venture as SDN supplier
Vodafone (VOD -0.2%) has chosen Nuage Networks, a venture from Nokia (NOK -0.6%), as a global supplier for software-defeined networking for the data center.Nuage's Virtualized Service Platform will be the solution at the heart of the deployments, the companies say. Its data center/cloud networking framework, Virtualized Cloud Services, will be used to automate configuration, management and optimization of the virtual networks.A VPN+ live pilot project with Vodafone is under way. Yesterday, 12:48 PM | 4 Comments
Vodafone to add 2,100 British jobs
Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) will create 2,100 new customer service jobs across Britain in the next two years.The "onshoring" is crucual for Vodafone UK, which has been losing market share following a botched IT overhaul that caused major billing errors and a sharp increase in complaints.Ofcom hit the operator with a £4.6M fine in October for "serious and sustained" failings.
Mon, Mar. 13, 4:46 AM | 2 Comments
Vodafone +0.4%; added to Goldman's Conviction Buy List
Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) is up 0.4% on solid early volume as Goldman Sachs adds the telecom to its Conviction Buy List.It joins sector fellows Orange (NYSE:ORAN) and Altice (OTCPK:ATCEY) there.Those calls fly in the face of analysts' recent unease about European telecoms.But in the case of Vodafone, "We highlight that the group continues to generate top-line growth despite regulatory and Indian headwinds," writes analyst Andrew Lee and team, who think investors should buy amid "peak uncertainty."The company has "limited exposure to B2B pressures, and limited reliance on regulatory support," they add. Wed, Mar. 8, 10:26 AM | 10 Comments
Vodafone boosts data plans, prices for Spanish customers
Vodafone (VOD -0.8%) is offering Spanish customers more mobile data capacity -- and higher prices to go along with it.The company is more than doubling data buckets in its plans: Its 2 GB plan goes to 6 GB, the 4 GB plan becomes a 10 GB plan, and the 6 GB plan more than triples, to 20 GB per month.But the low-end plan that was €25/month gets a bump to €27/month. The highest-capacity plan rises to €47/month (about $49.52).The changes apply to mobile plans as well as the Vodafone One bundle plans. Wed, Mar. 1, 9:54 AM | 3 Comments
Cisco in deals with Saudi Telecom, Vodafone, Reliance Jio
Among a number of announcements tonight at Mobile World Congress, Cisco Systems (NASDAQ:CSCO) says it's signed a managed services agreement that extends a longtime relationship with Saudi Telecom Co.The three-year deal will deliver a Network Operating Center to help STC scale to future customer demands. Terms weren't disclosed.It's also teaming up with Vodafone Germany (NASDAQ:VOD) to launch GigaTV, a cloud video service for German consumers. It features channels as well as video on demand, and Cisco says that as a cloud service it's able to update functionality for subscribers every two weeks.A deal with fast-growing Indian wireless firm Reliance Jio provides Jio with an expansion to a multi-terabit, all-IP converged network. Jio has more than 185,000 miles of fiber and offers a premium broadband service to its consumers at $0.15/gigabyte. Mon, Feb. 27, 11:17 PM | 6 Comments
Verizon JV-buyout settlement gets affirmed in appeals court
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) lifted into the close to finish down just 0.3% after a state appeals court ruled in favor of the company's "disclosure-only" settlement tied to buying out Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) from the Verizon Wireless JV.Such a settlement (where shareholders get no money) had been rejected in December 2014. Disclosure-only settlements have been falling out of favor, criticized as of little benefit to the shareowners and companies while forcing a "merger tax" by way of paying shareholders' lawyers.Verizon's previously rejected settlement called for the company to disclose more information to shareholders who thought it overpaid, and to get a "fairness opinion" if it sold assets from the venture. Today's decision means that the extra disclosure and "fairness opinion" provided some benefits.A lower court will settle legal fees. Thu, Feb. 2, 4:06 PM | 1 Comment
Vodafone Group reports Q3 trading update
Vodafone Group (NASDAQ:VOD): Q3 Group revenue of €13.69B (-3.9% Y/Y)Service revenue of €12.3B (-3.2% Y/Y)Full year guidance confirmed: FCF of at least €4.0B, lower end of organic EBITDA growth range of 3-6%Press Release Thu, Feb. 2, 6:12 AM | 7 Comments
European earnings roundup
Deutsche Bank (NYSE:DB) -4% premarket suffering from a second full-year net loss after getting hit by legal costs.Recording falling profits, AstraZeneca (NYSE:AZN) slipped 3% before the bell, as the company awaited key drug data.Shell (RDS.A, RDS.B) shares are down slightly after earnings slipped to the lowest level in more than a decade.It's a bitter pill to swallow for Novo Nordisk (NYSE:NVO) as the stock slid 6% upon lowering its outlook for 2017.Nokia (NYSE:NOK) +3% premarket after beating estimates and seeing improvement in its networks market, while Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) fell 1% on cautious guidance.
Thu, Feb. 2, 4:34 AM | 5 Comments
Vodafone-Idea tie-up could press smaller India telecom players
Talks to merge India operations between Vodafone (VOD -0.4%) and Idea Cellular could push consolidation in the country's telecom sector as smaller players work to keep up with a sizable new market leader (or get out entirely).The combination would have about 395M subscribers and market share of about 40% of revenues, not counting divestment that would surely be required to enable the deal.Even with divestment, the two are a good complement to one another, analysts said: Vodafone is more competitive in cities while Idea is stronger in rural areas.A hot battle with current market leader Bharti Airtel and upstart Reliance Jio could press smaller players in the market, including Telenor (OTCPK:TELNY +1%) and Tata Teleservices, to talk about deals."If data (from Jio) is free and the likes of Bharti, Vodafone and Idea have a huge post-paid subscriber base and good products, I wouldn't be surprised if there is further consolidation in the sector or some smaller players exit," says analyst Naveen Kulkarni. Tue, Jan. 31, 9:52 AM | 1 Comment
Vodafone in merger talks with Idea Cellular
Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) is talks to combine its Indian operations with rival Idea Cellular (OTC:ICLQY) in an all-share deal that could help the groups counter fierce competition in the market.Any merger would be effected through the issue of new shares in Idea to Vodafone and would result in the deconsolidation of Vodafone India.The company's share price has not been performing well recently. Over the last three months VOD shares are down around 12%.VOD +3% premarket
Mon, Jan. 30, 3:33 AM | 2 Comments
Vodafone scores court win against Deutsche Telekom over cable rents
Vodafone (VOD -2%) has prevailed at Germany's highest federal court over Deutsche Telekom (OTCQX:DTEGY -1%) in a case involving the use of cable ducts.Vodafone says DT, the former state monopoly telecom, overcharged €400M in rent (about $430M) for using its cable network.The Federal Court of Justice overturned a ruling in DT's favor and referred the case back to a lower court.DT says "We expect that the higher regional court will agree with our view that the size of the demand is not justified." Tue, Jan. 24, 1:20 PM | 7 Comments
Liberty Global CEO: Vodafone JV isn't a blueprint for other markets
Speaking in Davos, Liberty Global (LBTYA -0.8%) CEO Mike Fries says the company's joint deal with Vodafone (VOD -1%) in the Netherlands isn't a blueprint for deals in other nations that the two share a presence.The deal's going well ("It's only been three weeks, but I will tell you we're encouraged") and hasn't quieted analyst and investor talk about a broader tie-up (a possibility that was rejected when the two passed up an asset swap in 2015), but Fries says "I don't see us doing those types of structural transactions in other markets."Fries says Liberty does believe in "fixed/mobile convergence" and that it expects to be one of the two players remaining in each of its European markets when the dust settles. Wed, Jan. 18, 3:19 PM | 3 Comments
Goldman sees rising margins, 49% upside in Vodafone's future
From a note yesterday on Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD):“We model rising margins in FY18 as one-off items fall away. This self-help can also help relieve some of the near-term pressure from Indian competition."Post 10% underperformance vs. the sector over the last 3 months, valuation is compelling."Catalyst: Our confidence in cost-cutting compounds our belief in Vodafone’s improving structural growth outlook, driving our FY18/19 EBITDA estimates +1%/3% vs. Bloomberg consensus. We also note ‘free’ optionality from potential European cable M&A (worth 10-40p per share and potential market consolidation in India)."Firm upgrades VOD to Buy from Neutral.Price target of $38 implies 49% upside.
Tue, Jan. 10, 7:48 AM | 16 Comments
Liberty Global, Vodafone wrap Dutch joint venture
With the new year, Liberty Global (LBTYA +1.1%) and Vodafone (VOD +1.7%) have completed the joint venture they planned to create in the Netherlands, establishing a new converged communications firm.The venture -- to be called VodafoneZiggo Group -- combines Liberty's Ziggo fiber-rich broadband with Vodafone's top mobile operation into a firm with combined revenue of more than €4B. The venture will sell services under both the Vodafone and Ziggo brands.After closing and following recapitalization, Liberty Global will receive €2.2B and Vodafone €0.6B in cash.Once Vodafone's divestment of its fixed business Vodafone Thuis is accounted for, net present value of synergies for the deal is estimated around €3.5B. Vodafone Thuis had been generating negative cash flow (-€73M in the 12 months ended September 2016). Tue, Jan. 3, 11:19 AM | 3 Comments
Here are Barron's top ideas for income investors in 2017
Barron's ranks the best and worst places for income-focused investors in a rising-rate world. In order of appeal:Depressed European stocks: "Valuations have gotten more reasonable and dividend yields are ample, especially relative to ultralow or even negative yields on European government bonds."U.S. electric utilities: "Their average yield of 3.6% is almost double that of the S&P 500. Utility dividends usually are secure, given regulated returns."U.S. dividend stocks: "Even after rallying in 2016, high dividend-paying stocks still look appealing."Junk bonds: "Junk yields still look good at an average of 6.3%. The interest-rate gap relative to Treasuries is still appealing at nearly 4.5%, but absolute yields are modest by historical standards."Munis: looking better after a disappointing 2016.REITs: "REITs now are on the inexpensive side of a fair-value range."Preferreds: "REITs now are on the inexpensive side of a fair-value range."Treasurys: "If Trump’s fiscal and economic policies prove inflationary, Treasuries are apt to suffer."Telecom: There may be better value in other high-yielding parts of the market.MLPs. Expects muted distribution growth.Stocks and ETFs mentioned: FDD, VGK, VOD, RDS.A, UTG, DUK, SRE, XLU, NOBL, VYM, KO, BUD, PFE, OSTIX, HYT, VTA, JNK, NAD, BTT, VWIUX,PHMIX, SPG, BXP, EQR, VNQ, BAC, PFF, JPI, TIP, TLT, T, VZ, EPD, AMLP, BWPSee also Barron's infographic: Yield plays for 2017   Sun, Jan. 1, 5:26 AM | 140 Comments
Telstra blocked from Australia's next 700 MHz airwaves auction
Australian incumbent telecom Telstra (OTCPK:TLSYY +0.5%) has been barred from the country's next 700 MHz spectrum auction following restrictions on any single holdings of airwaves.Telstra had taken 2x20 MHz of 700 MHz frequencies in a 2013 auction, in which 2x15 MHz had gone unsold.Now with the Australian government trying to resell that spectrum, comms minister Mitch Fifield has capped the amount of 700 MHz spectrum any single operator can hold to 2x20 MHz, the level that Telstra is at already.Vodafone Australia (VOD -0.2%), which skipped the 2013 auction and planned to favor its own 1800-MHz spectrum for 4G, may take a new look at the currently unsold frequencies. Dec. 19, 2016, 11:02 AM
Ofcom pushes for split of BT and Openreach
British media regulator Ofcom is proceeding with a formal notification to legally separate Openreach from BT, the division that develops and maintains the U.K.'s main telecoms networks.Sky (OTCQX:SKYAY), Talktalk (OTC:TKTCY), Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) and of course, BT, all use Openreach networks.In a statement, BT said it was open to Ofcom's proposal for legal corporation and "has proposed a model that is fair, sustainable, and proportionate."
Nov. 29, 2016, 5:45 AM | 1 Comment
Large- and mid-cap names making 52 week highs/lows on strong volume
Hitting fresh 52-week highs on double the normal volume today:Vale (VALE +5.2%)Cliff's Natural Resource (CLF -1.8%)Essent Group (ESNT +1.8%)Finisar (FNSR +4.7%)China Lodging (HTHT +5.8%)51job (JOBS +1.4%)PrivateBancorp (PVTB +0.1%)Alleghany Corp. (Y -0.1%)The only fresh 52-week lows today are in European telecom:Vodafone (VOD -2.3%)Orange (ORAN -1.4%)
Nov. 28, 2016, 12:04 PM
Vodafone Group goes ex-dividend today
Vodafone Group (NASDAQ:VOD) has declared €0.0474/share semi-annual dividend.Payable Feb. 3; for shareholders of record Nov. 25; ex-div Nov. 22.
Nov. 23, 2016, 10:59 PM | 9 Comments
Securing spectrum! Ofcom imposes caps
U.K. regulator Ofcom has made a move to increase competition for mobile bandwidth ahead of its next auction.It placed a cap on the amount of spectrum that the bigger players such as BT Group (NYSE:BT) and Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) can buy, in a bid to leave space for smaller firms.It means, on the lower band, BT will be barred from the bidding as it already owns 45% of the market.
Nov. 21, 2016, 3:41 AM
Telecoms logging Europe's worst performance, with little light ahead
Telecom companies are Europe's "sick man," marking the worst performance among the continent's sectors, and there's little encouraging news ahead, says Leila Abboud.An index of telecoms has showed up dead last in 2016, with 20% declines (accounting for dividend effects).Despite serviceable results from the likes of Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD), Telefonica (NYSE:TEF), Telecom Italia (NYSE:TI), Orange (NYSE:ORAN) and Deutsche Telekom (OTCQX:DTEGY), investors are unimpressed and have driven the sector's overall value near a two-year low.Blocked acquisitions play a role, as EC chief Margrethe Vestager began blocking national mobile mergers.Even if the companies come through on sustained growth of market share and revenues, there may not be much to be gained: Enterprise values are around 6.2-6.4 times forward EBITDA -- not far below carriers in the U.S., around 6.5 times (but with quicker growing earnings). Nov. 18, 2016, 1:38 PM | 24 Comments
Liberty chief: Dutch Vodafone deal probably doesn't signal more
The day after Vodafone's (VOD +1.2%) CEO suggested at a Barcelona conference that regulators might now be more favorable to a strategic tie-up with Liberty Global (LBTYA +3.4%), Liberty put some water on that suggestion at the Morgan Stanley gathering.Asked whether the two companies' merging of Dutch operations could provide a template for more/bigger deals, Liberty CEO Mike Fries says "Hard to say, (but) I would probably say not."The Netherlands arrangement was a "unique situation" and the two companies aren't currently talking about more, he said."We were bigger then them in this market," he says. "So for us it was a net cash-out deal. It was a small market, (so) a good way to get to know each other." Nov. 17, 2016, 11:59 AM | 1 Comment
Vodafone: Regulators might warm up to new Liberty Global deal
After its attempt at bigger collaboration in Europe failed last winter, Vodafone (VOD +0.4%) says continental regulators might look more favorably on a deal it could arrive at with Liberty Global (LBTYA +3%) now."The European Commission has clearly indicated that they like the idea of stronger competitors to former incumbents," CEO Vittorio Colao said at Morgan Stanley's conference in Barcelona.The two companies agreed in February to merge their Dutch operations via a joint venture; that followed the breakdown of talks over a bigger European asset swap last fall.Despite that, many analysts say the reasoning behind getting the two together is still there. And Colao says incumbent telecoms are still powerful."They see that in each country there is a KPN, a Telecom Italia, a Deutsche Telekom, a BT, that are at the end of the day still incredibly, I would not want to use the word dominant, but let's say influential. And you want a counter force, and we could be that counter force," he said. Nov. 16, 2016, 6:28 PM | 1 Comment
Vodafone Group reports 1H results
Vodafone Group (NASDAQ:VOD): 1H EPS of -€0.03.Revenue of €27.05B (-3.9% Y/Y).Press Release
Nov. 15, 2016, 7:33 AM | 6 Comments
Vodafone posts organic growth despite India writedown
Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) +2% premarket after investors cheered its European organic growth in H1 and full-year goals despite the mobile operator reporting a sharply wider net loss.As a result of a €5B write-down on its Indian business - due to cutthroat competition in the populous country - Vodafone will not launch the unit's highly anticipated IPO before March next year.
Nov. 15, 2016, 4:47 AM | 8 Comments
Einhorn a buyer of U.S. Steel and GEO Group; Fox, Humana among those sold
New positions for Greenlight Capital as of Sept. 30: U.S. Steel (NYSE:X), and GEO Group (NYSE:GEO).Major exits: Twenty-First Century Fox (NASDAQ:FOXA), Humana (NYSE:HUM), Perrigo (NASDAQ:PRGO), AmerisourceBergen (NYSE:ABC), Hertz (NYSE:HTZ), Community Health (NYSE:CYH), Lamar Advertising (NASDAQ:LAMR), Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD).13F
Nov. 14, 2016, 4:42 PM | 23 Comments
Report: BT shareholder says company should consider Openreach sale
While UK telecom BT Group (BT -0.3%) has dug in regarding pressure to unload its Openreach infrastructure arm, one shareholder has reportedly suggested it should consider a sell-off.Aviva Investors says BT should ponder the move, one which would ease regulatory pressures and please rivals, according to the Sunday Telegraph."They obviously have been clear that they don't want to do it, but that doesn't mean it can't be done," said Trevor Green, Aviva's head of UK equities, according to the paper. "We just think it should be something which should be explored."Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) has been vocal about pressing for the move, along with Sky (OTCQX:SKYAY) and TalkTalk (OTC:TKTCY) -- all of whom want to maintain access to the wholesale infrastructure at favorable terms. Meanwhile, UK regulators continue to consider whether breaking it up is in the public interest. Nov. 7, 2016, 12:22 PM | 6 Comments
Vodafone sells Dutch wireline operations to Deutsche Telekom
Vodafone (VOD -0.3%) has sold its fixed-line operations in the Netherlands to T-Mobile Nederland (OTCQX:DTEGY -0.9%).That's part of a concession it made to EU regulators in order to secure approval for its bigger merger -- of its operations in the country with Ziggo, the Dutch unit of Liberty Global (LBTYA +2.1%).Europe in early August signed off on the deal, which will create a stronger competitor to Dutch incumbent Royal KPN (OTCPK:KKPNY -1.3%). Nov. 4, 2016, 10:18 AM | 7 Comments
Moody's: Stable outlook for European telecoms that can raise prices
European telecoms have a stable outlook into the new year, Moody's says, thanks to flexibility in raising prices driven by customers' need for high-speed data -- and their willingness to spend."Customers are willing to pay more for better value, and telcos" -- including some of the largest, like Telefonica (NYSE:TEF), Orange (NYSE:ORAN) Deutsche Telekom (OTCQX:DTEGY), Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD), Telia (OTCPK:TLSNY), and Telecom Italia (NYSE:TI) -- "will continue to offer higher speeds, more capacity, content and additional services, such as roaming, greater network security and cloud storage capacity, to support price increases," the firm says.The demand should support industrywide revenue growth of 1-2% over the next 12-18 months, Moody's says, and margins will rise from around 35% now to 36% by 2017.Another tailwind is regulators focused less on reducing consumer prices and more on pushing investments in high-speed networking, the report says. But big cross-border M&A isn't likely to occur with fewer synergies to be grabbed as well as less financial flexibility, and governments protecting incumbent firms. Oct. 26, 2016, 7:42 PM
Vodafone fined £4.6M by Ofcom
Following an 18-month probe by industry regulator Ofcom, Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) has been fined £4.6M for "serious and sustained breaches of consumer protection rules," including mis-selling, inaccurate billing and poor handling of complaints."We deeply regret these system and process failures," the telecoms giant said. "We offer our profound apologies to anyone affected by these errors."
Oct. 26, 2016, 3:05 AM | 1 Comment
Sky: Vodafone set to receive multimillion-pound fine in UK probes
Vodafone (VOD +0.9%) is set to receive fines in the millions of pounds when UK regulator Ofcom produces the results of a pair of probes tomorrow, Sky reports.The probes, which have lasted almost a year and a half, dug into how Vodafone handled customer complains as well as in delivery of services to the company's pay-as-you-go customers.For prepaid customers, Vodafone was charged with "rendering bills to such customers that did not represent the true extent of the service actually provided to them." And the other probe dealt with whether complaint handling had proper transparency and access to alternative dispute resolution, among other charges. Oct. 25, 2016, 7:52 PM | 3 Comments
Vodafone expecting favorable EC decision on Portugal fiber access
Vodafone Portugal (VOD -1%) is counting on a positive outcome with the European Commission, which it expects will force an opening of Altice's (OTCPK:ATCEY) fiber network to rival firms.The EC had opened an early probe into decisions by Portugal's telecom regulator not to force Altice-owned MEO (the market-leading pay TV and broadband provider) to allow others onto the fiber net.With a ruling due by the end of the month, Vodafone Portugal chief Mario Vaz says arguments are lining up that suggest open access is coming: "We expect a positive result for Portugal."Such a move would build incentives for co-investment and greater competition in currently noncompetitive parts of the country, he said. Oct. 19, 2016, 2:18 PM | 3 Comments
Vodafone latest Western phone firm to deal in Iran
Vodafone (VOD +1.6%) is the latest Western phone company to make a move into Iran as sanctions ease up, forming a partnership with local Internet service provider HiWeb.In the non-equity deal, Vodafone will help HiWeb expand and modernize its network, while HiWeb will offer mobile/landline service in Iran to Vodafone's multinational customers. The scope of the pact includes marketing, distribution and even "Internet of Things" services.The move by Vodafone follows similar steps by Orange (NYSE:ORAN), which says it's talking cooperation deals with Iran's Mobile Telecommunication Co. Oct. 18, 2016, 1:58 PM | 1 Comment
After Hours Gainers / Losers
Top gainers, as of 5.25 p.m.: VOXX +15.6%. CUDA +6.4%. VOD +5.0%. IHG +2.8%. BT +2.2%.Top losers, as of 5.25p.m.: FTNT -13.4%. PANW -4.3%. BBL -4.0%. SIMO -2.4%. FEYE -2.1%. Oct. 11, 2016, 5:35 PM | 7 Comments
Vodafone tops spending in India spectrum auction with $3B-plus
Vodafone (VOD -1.9%) spent the most in an Indian wireless spectrum auction that totaled $9.9B in bids (about 658B rupees) -- well below an $84B on offer.With more than $3B in bids, Vodafone and Bharti Airtel ($2.13B in bids), Reliance Jio ($2.05B) and Idea ($1.92B) all passed up higher-priced 700 MHz frequencies, preferring the 1,800 and 2,300 MHz bands, and took less than half of the airwaves being sold.It's still early days for data demand in India, though, and the auction came in line with expectations that JPMorgan has ($8B-$12B total).Though India's big three are all bigger than upstart Jio, Vodafone, Bharti and Idea are behind Jio in 4G presence and worked to build up high-speed spectrum with aggressive bidding. Oct. 6, 2016, 4:51 PM | 25 Comments
Vodafone building multimillion-dollar chest for war with Jio
Vodafone (VOD -1.7%) is pouring billions into its Indian operations as it prepares for a bruising competition with Reliance Jio -- the upstart mobile operator arm of India's richest man that has shaken the market with an aggressive price entry.Jio has announced commercial wireless service coming at the end of the year as a 100% 4G player in an unusually competitive market: It's the 12th competitor in India, vs. markets that generally have three or four. It also has the country's largest hoard of spectrum, along with a complete vertically integrated setup.Vodafone -- No. 2 in the market, behind Bharti Airtel -- has moved around $7.2B from Newbury to its India operations, preparing for a fight on multiple fronts including a pricey spectrum auction.Vodafone India is also heavily indebted. That infusion, "which we believe is the largest ever in India, will enable Vodafone India to continue its investments in spectrum and expansion of networks across various technology layers delivering the best of experience to our hundreds of million customers,” says Vodafone India CEO Sunil Sood.Two other major operators (Reliance and Aircel) have elected to pool resources for the competition ahead. Sep. 23, 2016, 10:39 AM | 8 Comments
Iliad's aggressive Italy plan 'does not worry' Telecom Italia
Telecom Italia (TI -0.7%) is unconcerned with the Italian market entry of French low-cost wireless carrier Iliad (OTCPK:ILIAY), it says, and it's got defenses in mind to protect its share."Iliad's entry into Italy does not worry us. Italy is a very different market to France," TI CEO Flavio Cattaneo said in Rome.Prices are already low in Italy, Cattaneo said, and anti-terrorism laws linking SIM card owners to identity cards makes an additional hurdle to getting new customers fast.Iliad, run by tycoon Xavier Niel, is set to become Italy's fourth wireless carrier after taking assets from Hutchison and VimpelCom (part of merging Three Italia and Wind Telecomunicazioni), and it's looking to use its approach to take 10%-15% of the market from TI and Vodafone (VOD -0.5%), Bloomberg reports. Iliad will focus on online sales rather than building out shop infrastructure.Iliad may be ready to start service in Italy early next summer, sources said, and is mulling a move into fixed-line service as well. Sep. 14, 2016, 12:37 PM
BofA: Tough comps make for tough second half for Europe telecoms
European telecom firms have some rough sledding ahead, BofA Merrill Lynch suggests, with new iPhones threatening increased subsidies even as half the companies will need a strong second half to hit targets.Tough comparisons and hotly competitive markets are dogging companies like Telefonica (TEF +0.1%) and SFR (OTCPK:NUMCF), which could face misses in the half. The firm is reiterating its Underperform stance on Telefonica.Royal KPN (OTCPK:KKPNY -1.8%) is likely in better shape after its July moves, including price hikes and a headcount reduction.In the medium term, there's more room for optimism especially as companies see free cash flow benefits from refinancing -- particularly Vodafone (VOD -1.5%) and Telefonica, though Orange (ORAN -0.5%) and Telecom Italia (TI -0.1%) can benefit as well. Sep. 1, 2016, 11:30 AM
Bloomberg: VimpelCom, Hutchison set to get EU approval for Italy merger
VimpelCom (VIP +0.2%) and Hutchison (OTCPK:HUWHY) are set to get EU approval of a long-in-the-works Italy operation merger as soon as next week, Bloomberg reports.The two have pressed to combine their Wind Telecomunicazioni and Three Italia into Italy's largest wireless carrier via an $8.9B transaction, but have been pursuing that deal against the backdrop of a European Commission taking a hard line on competition. The EC blocked Hutchison's attempt to merge its Three UK with O2.But a revised plan from the two hopefuls included sales of spectrum, sites and services, and allowing France's Iliad (OTCPK:ILIAY) to enter the Italian market as a new competitor.Approval would affect the stock of current market leader Telecom Italia (TI +1.1%), which tumbled last month when VimpelCom and Hutchison submitted new merger plans, and of Vodafone (VOD -0.6%). Aug. 25, 2016, 10:48 AM | 4 Comments
Report: Vodafone India, Idea consider merging into India's top telecom
Idea Cellular is exploring a merger with Vodafone India (NASDAQ:VOD) to create India's biggest telecom, CNBC-TV18 reports.Idea, the third-largest telecom in India, has blasted the report as "baseless and absolutely false" and "preposterous." Vodafone India is the second-biggest provider; the two combined would outsize No. 1 Bharti Airtel.Sources told CNBC-TV18 that the two companies were engaged in discussing strategic options that could result in a full combination. That would preclude Vodafone India's moves toward an initial public offering.Such a deal would run into challenges, including clearance from the Competition Commission, considering that market share would rise about 50% in some areas. Aug. 24, 2016, 3:30 PM | 4 Comments
Vodafone Australia to start 5G trials by end of year
Vodafone Australia (VOD +0.2%) will begin trials of 5G wireless technology by the end of the year, with an eye to a commercial launch in 2020.That timeline lines it up with competitor Telstra (OTCPK:TLSYY -0.8%), which is using an Ericsson test bed to begin trials in September with a similar focus on a 2020 launch.Vodafone didn't provide precise details, but the company will be working with key suppliers including Huawei and Ericsson, says CTO Kevin Millroy.Vodafone's schedule has it beginning trials after it finishes deploying the bulk of its 4G network. Aug. 24, 2016, 10:47 AM | 2 Comments
With merger progressing, Ziggo doubles up on leveraged loans
As it prepares a merger with the Dutch unit of Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD), Ziggo Group (LBTYA -0.3%) has more than doubled its debt-raising plans, to $3.9B, Bloomberg reports.It now is said to be raising €2.6B (about $2.9B) in a leveraged euro-denominated loan and $1B in a dollar loan.That comes in an environment of higher appetite for risky assets, and an average loan price in Europe of 97.6 cents/euro.Last week, a usually reticent European Commission gave its approval to the merger of Ziggo and Vodafone Netherlands, conditioned on Vodafone selling its fixed-line business there. Aug. 12, 2016, 2:19 PM
Vodafone Spain, Huawei team on dual-band network technology
Vodafone Spain (VOD -0.8%) and Huawei are teaming on what they say is the first commercial deployment of dual-band High Speed Downlink Packet Access (DB-HSDPA).Huawei says it's incorporated chipsets to support the standard since the second half of last year. It lets handsets receive two bands simultaneously.The two companies say it offers double the UMTS throughput compared to single-carrier solutions on Europe's main band. Aug. 8, 2016, 1:17 PM
Liberty Global jumps 1.6% as Europe OKs Dutch combo with Vodafone
The European Commission has approved a merger in the Netherlands of Liberty Global's (LBTYA +1.6%) cable firm Ziggo with Vodafone Netherlands (VOD +0.4%), on the condition that Vodafone sell its fixed business.Liberty Global has jumped from an open in the red to positive ground this morning.That makes a strong competitor to incumbent provider Royal KPN (OTCPK:KKPNY). Ziggo is the Netherlands' top cable provider, and Vodafone is the second-largest mobile operator.The two companies had reportedly offered concessions last month to get the deal done, and it appears the EC's main concern was Vodafone's quick expansion in the fixed-line market.In keeping with other such regulatory reviews, the EC denied a request from the Dutch competition regulator to probe the deal but said it consulted with the agency in its review. Aug. 3, 2016, 10:20 AM | 2 Comments
KPN loses in court dispute over Fox carriage deal
Royal KPN (OTCPK:KKPNY) has lost a lawsuit against Fox (FOX -0.2%, FOXA -0.5%) tied to their carriage deal for Fox programming.The deal expires at the end of July, and the court decision means Fox isn't required to extend the deal under the same terms. KPN had claimed new terms from Fox, including a requirement to add a Fox premium sports channel to a basic TV package, might violate competition law.Fox had requested a minimum payment based on total viewers at KPN, and offered to allow KPN to include the Fox Sports channels in its basic plan at a lower cost, rather than only in a premium tier. KPN balked at a "significant increase" in cost.In the Netherlands, Vodafone (VOD +0.4%) has accepted the new Fox terms, while the country's market leader, Ziggo (LBTYA +1.7%), is unaffected since it won't see its current deal expire until 2020.Earlier, Reuters reported that Europe was near approval on a combination of Dutch operations between Liberty Global and Vodafone. Jul. 29, 2016, 4:22 PM
Reuters: Europe set to OK Dutch combo of Liberty Global, Vodafone
Europe is set to sign off on a high-profile merger of Dutch operations between Liberty Global (LBTYA +0.7%) and Vodafone (VOD +0.4%) following some concessions, Reuters reports.That news is coming despite a tough regulatory regime that has scratched potential country mergers elsewhere, including a deal in Denmark between TeliaSonera and Telenor.Liberty and Vodafone offered concessions July 12 to get the deal done, sources told Reuters.The two would form the second-biggest telecom in the Netherlands and present a better competitive face to incumbent Royal KPN (OTCPK:KKPNY). Jul. 29, 2016, 12:55 PM | 2 Comments
Enel to merge fiber unit with Metroweb in challenge to Telecom Italia
Italian utility giant Enel (OTCPK:ENLAY) is going to push incumbent Telecom Italia (TI -0.3%) in a quest for a new high-speed network for the country, with an agreement to merge its fiber unit with Metroweb Italia.Telecom Italia had been pursuing its own deal for Metroweb in the spring. Italy's average landline Internet speeds are among the lowest in Europe.Metroweb was assigned an enterprise value of €814M (about $903M), and stakes in the combined company will be shared by Enel and state lender Cassa Depositi e Prestiti, which controls Metroweb along with infrastructure fund F2i.Repurposing Enel's power cabinets to create fiber infrastructure will give TI competitors like Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) an easier way to provide access to customers who are demanding faster Internet. Jul. 28, 2016, 3:23 PM | 1 Comment
Turkcell, partners forming JV on fixed broadband infrastructure
Turkcell (TKC +0.2%) is gathering companies for a joint venture to pursue more efficient investment in Turkey's fixed broadband infrastructure.Its Turkcell Superonline unit plans to join with Vodafone Turkey (NASDAQ:VOD), TurkSAT and members of the country's Telecommunication Operators Association in order to increase fixed broadband penetration, in part through removing redundancy in building infrastructure."The alliance members constitute 55% of the Turkish telecommunications industry’s revenue," says Turkcell CEO Kaan Terzioglu. "Our objective is to make sure that 21 million more households in Turkey reach a viable [fiber-to-the-home] solution." He says Turkey could save up to $12.6B if companies invest via the JV rather than separately.Previously: Turkcell Iletisim reports Q2 results (Jul. 27 2016)Updated 5:45 p.m.: TKC is off 8.4% after hours. Jul. 27, 2016, 3:50 PM | 5 Comments
BT Group floats independent board for Openreach instrastucture unit
With a regulatory report looming, BT Group (BT +1.7%) has offered to set up an independent board for its infrastructure arm Openreach in a bid to keep the division in the company.Openreach has become a bone of contention for rivals like Vodafone (VOD -0.3%), Sky (OTCQX:SKYAY +0.8%) and TalkTalk (OTC:TKTCY) that buy wholesale capacity from BT and who have argued for a breakup of the company to ensure fair competition.UK regulator Ofcom is set to issue a report tomorrow on how BT can improve its performance, and has been considering whether a split is in the industry's best interest; in December, the regulator's chief said the status quo wasn't an option with Openreach."We believe very strongly ... that this would be the wrong time to break up BT and distract us from the remaining investment to get superfast and ultrafast broadband right across the country in the next two to three years," says Chairman Mike Rake. Jul. 25, 2016, 9:55 AM
Vodafone service revenue beats estimates
Aided by a strong performance in Spain and Germany, Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) reported a better-than-expected Q1 increase (2.2% to €12.3B) in organic service revenue, marking the eighth straight quarterly rise in its main growth measure.The mobile operator also confirmed its outlook for the full year, stating its European markets were stable, with growth of 0.3% despite the impact of cuts in roaming charges.VOD +4.4% premarket Jul. 22, 2016, 4:18 AM | 9 Comments
Reuters: Europe set to OK Italy mobile merger
European regulators are set to clear a long-in-the-works mobile merger in Italy, Reuters reports.The European Commission -- lately prone to blocking telecom consolidation on the continent -- is ready to sign off on a €21.8B combination of Three Italia, owned by Hutchison (OTCPK:HUWHY), with Wind Telecomunicazioni, owned by VimpelCom (VIP +1.7%).Hutchison saw a similar deal blocked by the EC, to merge its Three UK unit with Telefonica's O2.The move would make the combo the biggest wireless provider in Italy, competing against Vodafone (VOD +1.3%) and Telecom Italia (TI +2.3%), though Hutchison and VimpelCom agreed to concessions and asset sales to help create a new entrant in France's low-cost provider Iliad (OTCPK:ILIAY -4.2%).The EC is scheduled to officially rule on the case by Sept. 8. Jul. 8, 2016, 1:57 PM | 1 Comment
Report: Vodafone front-runner to take Telenor India operations
A report says Vodafone (VOD -1.5%) is the likely front-runner to take over Telenor's (OTCPK:TELNY +1.9%) operations in India, though it's not clear whether that means just a spectrum acquisition or the entire company.Telenor is currently using 1800 MHz airwaves to provide 2G, though they could provide 4G service, and that spectrum is likely valued around $1B.Such an acquisition could reap benefits for Vodafone ahead of India's 4G spectrum auction, set for September. Telenor's tower rentals from Viom come at a lower rate than Vodafone has gotten from Indus, and Telenor's 11,500 sites could power Vodafone's 4G deployment, a source says. Jul. 6, 2016, 6:50 PM | 7 Comments
Vodafone rethinks London headquarters
Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) is considering moving its headquarters out of the U.K. given the uncertainty about how many "positive attributes" of being in the EU will remain once the country has left the bloc.The majority of Vodafone's customers, employees and suppliers are based outside Britain. As a result, more than half of the company's earnings were attributed to European businesses in this financial year, while the U.K. accounted for just 11% of profits. Jun. 29, 2016, 6:30 AM | 6 Comments
Premarket Gainers / Losers as of 9:10 am
Gainers: RLOC +167%. GBSN +17%. PUK +11%. MRNS +11%. IMMU +10%. TWLO +9%. WTW +8%. VBLT +8%. WLL +8%. INFI +7%. DNR +7%. ORIG +7%. LYG +6%. PBR +6%. BBL +6%. XCO +6%. LC +5%. CNX +6%. OAS +6%. HZNP +5%. FCX 5%. EMES 5%. CLF 5%. BT 5%. CHK 5%. GNW 5%. VOD 5%.Losers: RGLS -46%. SAND -10%. VGZ -9%. Jun. 28, 2016, 9:18 AM | 1 Comment
Another day of Brexit losses ahead for telecom
British and European telecom stocks are headed back down in U.S. trading as post-Brexit fallout continues on the continent.BT Group (NYSE:BT) is down another 9.8% premarket; meanwhile, Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) is 5.5% lower and Telefonica (NYSE:TEF) is down 2.8%.BT Group -- smacked by a precipitous decline in the pound's value Friday -- is now quoting a full 26% below Thursday's close. The pound is off another 3.3% against the dollar today.Vodafone, which has substantial operations in the UK, is quoting 12% below its Thursday U.S. close. Jun. 27, 2016, 9:18 AM | 5 Comments
Premarket Gainers / Losers as of 9:10 am
Gainers: HTWR +92%. GWPH +11%. FALC +10%. KTOV +10%. ZYNE +8%. VGZ +7%. ETE +7%. SKUL +6%.Losers: BCS -21%. LYG -15%. RBS -15%. PUK -11%. RYAAY -10%. BT -9%. AV -9%. CS -8%. CRH -8%. ING -7%. IHG -7%. UBS -6%. AEG -6%. ARMH -6%. VOD -5%. CUK -5%. DB -5%. WMB -5%. Jun. 27, 2016, 9:13 AM
BT, European names pace telecom losers post-Brexit vote
European names are pacing premarket losers in telecom after Great Britain's historic vote to leave the EU.BT Group (NYSE:BT), the holder of longtime incumbent telecom British Telecommunications, is off 17.8% premarket, wiping more than $11B off its market value.Other key players in Britain and Europe are sharply lower as well. Telefonica (NYSE:TEF) is down 16.8% premarket, easily set for its lowest price in 18 years.French incumbent Orange (NYSE:ORAN) is 11.6% lower. Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD), meanwhile, is down 8.6%. Jun. 24, 2016, 9:22 AM | 2 Comments
EU to decide on Vodafone, Liberty deal by mid-July
European Union antitrust regulators will rule by July 19 whether to clear the merger of Vodafone (VOD +1%) and Liberty Global's (LBTYA -0.2%) Dutch operations.The combined company would be the second largest telecoms provider in the Netherlands. Jun. 15, 2016, 10:13 AM | 2 Comments
Vodafone grabs control of Sky New Zealand
As the world's biggest telecoms continue to pivot toward TV and online video, Britain's Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) has agreed to a combine its New Zealand operations through a $2.4B merger with the local unit of Sky Network (OTC:SKKTY)."This is a significant and positive step in Sky's evolution," CEO John Fellet said in a statement.Vodafone NZ has 2.35M mobile connections and more than 500K fixed-line connections in the country. Sky has over 830K subscribers.VOD -1.6% premarket Jun. 9, 2016, 4:05 AM | 2 Comments
Vodafone launching HBO streaming offering in Spain
Vodafone (VOD +0.8%) has a deal to launch HBO's (TWX +1.3%) streaming service in Spain.The service, HBO España, will offer a heavy selection of premium HBO content (including HBO's key Sunday night lineup denizens Game of Thrones, Veep, Silicon Valley) along with new series from other providers.Vodafone (which has more than 1M TV customers in Spain) says it will make HBO España available via TV service and also mobile devices and computers.A Spanish-language version of HBO Now, the broadcaster's video-on-demand offering, had begun to roll out in Latin America at the end of last year. May 26, 2016, 2:00 PM | 2 Comments
Vodafone returns to growth, raises dividend
Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) +3.1% premarket after recording its first full year of growth in service revenues and core earnings since 2008 as its £19B "Project Spring" investment in networks began to pay off.Organic earnings before EBIDTA rose 2.7% to £11.6B, while revenues rose 2.3% to £41B when stripping out currency movements."This has been a year of strong execution," Vodafone CEO Vittorio Colao said in a conference call, while raising the phone operator's dividend. May 17, 2016, 4:47 AM | 8 Comments
Vodafone Group plc reports FY15 results
Vodafone Group plc (NASDAQ:VOD): FY15 EPS of 5.04p.Revenue of £40.97B (-3.0% Y/Y).Total dividend of 11.45p/share. May 17, 2016, 3:03 AM
Report: Vodafone picks banks for India IPO that could raise $3B
Vodafone (VOD -1%) has picked out banks to execute what could be India's biggest IPO -- a public listing of Vodafone operations there that could raise $3B, Bloomberg reports.Bank of America, Kotak Mahindra Bank and UBS will lead the offering, sources said, and they'll be joined by Deutsche Bank, HSBC and ICICI.“We have previously said that we have started preparations for a potential IPO, which includes private conversations with banks, but this is a lengthy process and no decision will be made until we are at the end of it,” Vodafone said in a statement.Now read Vodafone: A Buy For Dividend Investors » Apr. 29, 2016, 1:42 PM | 6 Comments
Report: Vivendi pushing TI anew to sell Brazilian unit
Vivendi (OTCPK:VIVHY -2%) is actively pushing Telecom Italia (TI -0.1%) toward a sale of its Brazilian unit, TIM Participaçoes (TSU +1.8%), sources tell CTFN.The French media giant's stance on TIM was a clear catalyst for the March departure of Marco Patuano as TI's chief executive, as Patuano was inclined to hold on to the business.A series of machinations over the past year took place around the possible merger of TIM with debt-laden carrier Oi (OIBR -3.5%) before the prospects of a deal imploded.An M&A lawyer said that when Vivendi inherited its Telecom Italia stake in 2014 (via its sale of broadband company GVT to Telefonica), it was already expressing an interest in getting out of Brazil and taking charge of TI as a media platform.Rivals Telefonica Brasil (VIV -0.2%) and Claro (AMX +1.5%) aren't likely candidates to take over TIM due to regulatory issues. Oi is surely a candidate again, but more desperate for a move than TIM. Brazil might go for a bid from someone like Vodafone (VOD -0.8%), though.Now read Oi's Debt Restructuring: A 4-Player Chess Game » Apr. 21, 2016, 10:57 AM | 4 Comments
Deutsche Telekom may import T-Mobile U.S. strategy to Netherlands
Deutsche Telekom (OTCQX:DTEGY +0.5%) may take a cue from its customer-stealing U.S. business for its unit in the Netherlands, and reformulate strategy more like T-Mobile US (TMUS -0.8%).That would mean an emphasis on disruption and perhaps a similar focus on mobile rather than fixed service. In contrast to T-Mobile's U.S. operation, the Dutch business has been losing customers over the past three years, and with a longtime presence in the market, it isn't ripe for reinvention.Other, smaller players like Tele2 have actually claimed the mantle of aggression on price in the Netherlands, while there's hot competition from the recently combined Vodafone (VOD +2.3%)/Liberty Global (LBTYA +1.6%) there, as well as Royal KPN (OTCPK:KKPNY -2.3%).DT had floated a sale of T-Mobile Netherlands, but withdrew it as a possibility in February after terms from two bidders didn't rise to its expectations.Now read T-Mobile: The Price Of Peace With YouTube Is High » Apr. 8, 2016, 12:41 PM | 3 Comments
Telecom Egypt settles dividend dispute with Vodafone, shuffles leaders
Telecom Egypt has settled a dividend dispute with Vodafone Egypt (NASDAQ:VOD), in which it holds a 45% stake.With the issue settled, it named a new chairman, CEO and CFO as part of a revamp pressed by Egypt's government. Vodafone Egypt will pay 3.34B Egyptian pounds ($376M) in withheld dividends after settling with Telecom Egypt, which will receive EGP 1.5B of that.That's against what Telecom Egypt had claimed was EGP 4.5B in deferred dividends, so it's taking a haircut. Vodafone Egypt had sat on dividends since 2012 amid difficulties repatriating profits to the UK.Now read Vodafone: A Buy For Dividend Investors » Mar. 31, 2016, 1:47 PM | 1 Comment
Vodafone sets up global business unit for enterprise security
Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) has established a global unit targeting digital security for its enterprise customers.Vodafone Enterprise Security Services (VESS) will roll up the company's existing security products in one area, under new area CEO Simon Church.The group will cooperate with a number of strategic security partners and target areas including cloud-based protection, network perimeter management, threat detection and response, and an assessment/advisory practice dealing with policy development, risk management and compliance.Church, the group's leader, joins in April; he was previously CEO at NTT Security. Mar. 15, 2016, 12:27 PM | 4 Comments
Reuters: Hutchison to meet with EC, rivals on O2 takeover
Hutchison (OTCPK:HUWHY) is headed to a closed-door meeting with EU regulators to address objections to its £10.3B deal to buy out rival telecom O2 (TEF +4.3%), Reuters reports.The company will meet with the European Commission on March 7, along with rivals Sky (OTCQX:SKYAY +2.4%), Virgin Media (LBTYA +2.8%), TalkTalk (OTC:TKTCY), Vodafone (VOD +3.1%) and BT Group (BT +3.4%). Iliad (OTCPK:ILIAY +2.5%), the small provider owned by French billionaire Xavier Niel, could also take part.The long-in-the-works deal has generated plenty of heat, as the combination of Hutchison's Three UK (the country's No. 4 wireless provider) with Telefonica's O2 (the No. 2 provider) would create the country's largest, reducing the market to three major competitors.When the EC opened a full probe into the deal in October, the move suggested that heavy concessions were likely on the way to make the deal happen -- and they may include creating a smaller competitor. (TalkTalk has said it would love to help.)The UK tried to take over the probe, but the EC rejected that request and kept control of the deal investigation in early December.After hours: TEF -4.2%; LBTYA, VOD, BT flat.Previously: Europe rejects UK's effort to examine Three's O2 buyout (Dec. 04 2015)Previously: Europe opens full probe into Telefonica-Hutchison UK mobile merger (Oct. 30 2015) Mar. 1, 2016, 4:58 PM
BT: We'll increase broadband investment if Openreach left alone
BT Group (BT -2.2%) chief Gavin Patterson continued lobbying against a spinoff of the company's Openreach infrastructure unit at Mobile World Congress, saying the company would increase network spending if regulators decides to leave things be."There's a significant investment that we are ready to make now in the next generation of technology, more fiber to the premise, G.fast, fiber to the cabinet," Patterson said in Barcelona. Regulator Ofcom has been reviewing the UK telecom market and deciding whether Openreach should remain part of the longtime incumbent.Ofcom chief Sharon White said in December that the status quo with Openreach isn't an option. The unit sells wholesale capacity to BT rivals including Vodafone (VOD -1.9%), Sky (OTCQX:SKYAY -0.6%) and TalkTalk (OTC:TKTCY) and is managed at arm's reach, though not to the full pleasure of those competitors.Previously: BT Group finishes up 2.8% post-earnings as analysts adjust targets (Feb. 01 2016)Previously: BT closing EE deal as telecom giant - with Openreach as room's elephant (Jan. 29 2016) Feb. 23, 2016, 2:03 PM
PayPal teams with Vodafone, America Movil on mobile wallets
At Mobile World Congress, Paypal (PYPL +0.9%) announced it's teaming up on mobile wallets with Vodafone (VOD +0.1%) and America Movil (AMX +2.3%) in Europe and Latin America respectively, opening a line to millions of new customers.Vodafone has 454M users and America Movil 286M. Vodafone's deal will integrate PayPal into Vodafone Wallet, allowing for PayPal's European customers to do touchless payments at Visa terminals; America Movil's arrangement allows for creating digital wallets for 140M Tel Cel and Claro customers in Mexico and Brazil.PayPal says its Xoom service is expanding into Africa, allowing U.S. customers to send money to people in Kenya using a connection to Vodafone's M-Pesa. PayPal closed on an $890M deal for Xoom in November.Previously: PayPal closes Xoom deal (Nov. 12 2015) Feb. 22, 2016, 9:55 AM | 4 Comments
In bond issue, Vodafone acceding to investor protection demands
Planning a €3B-€4B bond issue, Vodafone (VOD -1.3%) is having to include investor protection for the first time as speculation swirls about a possible future tie-up with Liberty Global.A four-tranche deal could come as soon as Monday; the company had to shelve a similar deal in November. But Vodafone is now offering a change of control put option on the bonds -- and investors still likely will look for a premium in a volatile market."The CoC will divide opinion. It's against Vodafone's style to do this but they had little choice after the last deal being pulled," says a banker source, who also thinks it could give buysiders more leverage to change bonds they already hold.The deal between Liberty and Vodafone to merge their Dutch operations has reignited speculation about bigger asset swaps or even a full-fledged merger.Previously: FT: Deutsche Telekom pulling sale of T-Mobile Netherlands (Feb. 19 2016)Previously: Vodafone to raise £2.9B via convertible bonds (Feb. 18 2016)Previously: Liberty Global, Vodafone merging Dutch operations (Feb. 16 2016) Feb. 19, 2016, 11:57 AM
FT: Deutsche Telekom pulling sale of T-Mobile Netherlands
Deutsche Telekom (OTCQX:DTEGY -0.9%) has suspended plans to sell its Dutch unit after terms from two bidders didn't meet expectations, the Financial Times reports.Two suitors had remained for T-Mobile Netherlands -- Warburg Pincus and Apollo -- but DT was looking for more than €3B, and the deal became more difficult with this week's news that Liberty Global (LBTYA -1.1%) and Vodafone (VOD -1.2%) were merging their Dutch operations in a joint venture to create a stronger competitor.A deal could be revived in the future, a source said, as DT still wants out of difficult markets where it can't add extra services.Previously: Reuters: Warburg Pincus enters fray for T-Mobile Netherlands (Nov. 12 2015) Feb. 19, 2016, 11:39 AM
Vodafone to raise £2.9B via convertible bonds
Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) will raise £2.9B by issuing convertible bonds, in two tranches.The tranches will come in maturities of 18 months (coupon of 1.2%-1.5%) and three years (coupon of 1.7%-2%), convertible into shares equal to about 5% of current outstanding shares, but the company says it may repurchase some to mitigate dilution.The initial conversion price is expected to be the higher of £2.173 or the daily volume-weighted average share price over the next three days.Shares fell 0.4% in London today to £2.1648; ADRs fell 0.4% in U.S. trading. Feb. 18, 2016, 6:07 PM | 5 Comments
Liberty Global, Vodafone merging Dutch operations
Liberty Global (NASDAQ:LBTYA) and Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) are merging Dutch operations in a joint venture, in a bit of an appetizer before what could be a broader combination of operations in the future.It's a big appetizer, though -- the 50/50 venture is valued at more than €19B -- and the companies said discussions around the Netherlands venture haven't ranged into any other areas.The venture will sell mobile and cable under both companies' brands (Ziggo and Vodafone), and Vodafone will pay €1B as part of the deal to equalize their ownership.It will have more than 15M revenue-generating units, and the companies expect after the deal closes later this year that they'll see cost and revenue synergies of €3.5B (and €350M in integration costs). Feb. 16, 2016, 1:03 AM | 1 Comment
Telstra, Optus lead spending in Australian spectrum auction
Telstra (OTCPK:TLSYY -1.8%) and Optus Mobile were the big spenders in Australia's competitive 1800-MHz spectrum auction, which drew A$543.5M in spending from the country's big four providers.Optus led all comers with A$196M, just ahead of Telstra at A$191M. TPG (OTC:TPGTF) spent A$88M, and Vodafone (VOD -2.4%) the least at A$68M.The auction was set to improve 4G coverage in regional and remote Australia; currently, Telstra, Vodafone and Optus use the 1800-MHz band to deliver their 4G networks in metropolitan areas.Vodafone, which skipped the digital dividend auction in May 2013, has been looking at regional expansion after refarming spectrum in Australian Capital Territory, the coast of New South Wales and the Blue Mountains, and switching on 850 MHz 4G in sites across Queensland. Feb. 5, 2016, 7:53 PM
Vodafone -2.4% in U.S. despite raft of bullish analysts
Vodafone (VOD -2.4%) finished lower for the second straight day after earnings, swept up in market downdrafts despite a chorus of analysts signaling approval for the company's recovering European business.The FTSE 100 finished 0.9% lower in London and a tech-stock downdraft sent the Nasdaq down 3.3%.Meanwhile, a wide number of firms reiterated buys on the stock. Barclays and JPMorgan Chase reiterate their Overweight ratings, while Buys were also reinforced at HSBC and Beaufort Securities.Nomura raised its price target to 255 pence/share. Among the other firms' price targets, they range from Barclays' 250-pence price through RBC's 255 pence, HSBC's 260 pence and JPMorgan's 275 pence.Shares closed in London today down 1.6% at 207 pence, implying 21-33% upside in the various targets. Feb. 5, 2016, 7:40 PM | 6 Comments
Vodafone -2.5% after earnings; recovery in Europe continues to build
Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) is off 2.5% in U.S. trading following a fiscal third quarter showing continuing growth in underlying revenue, feeding the company's story that Europe (its biggest regional business) is back on track.Underlying service revenue grew 1.4% and the company is tracking toward in-line full-year earnings of £11.7B-£12B. Decline in underlying revenue in Europe slowed again, to 0.6% from Q2's decline of 1%.Emerging markets saw underlying revenue growth of 6.5%. "We have taken another step forward in the last three months, with the highlights being a strong performance in South Africa and improving trends in Germany and Italy," says CEO Vittorio Colao.Its "Project Spring" worldwide upgrade plan is 92% through its mobile buildout, with 4G coverage now at 84% in Europe. The company has committed £19B to the plan. Feb. 4, 2016, 10:40 AM | 2 Comments
Vodafone Group plc reports FQ3 results
Vodafone Group plc (NASDAQ:VOD): FQ3 service revenue of £9.17B (+1.4% Y/Y)Shares -1.8% PM. Feb. 4, 2016, 8:36 AM
European earnings roundup
Credit Suisse (NYSE:CS) reported its first annual loss since 2008 as it wrote off billions of dollars in goodwill, set aside litigation provisions and suffered a trading downturn.Statoil (NYSE:STO) slashed its capital spending budget but said it would keep its dividend steady after topping fourth quarter expectations.Driven by a robust performance in its retail and wholesale divisions, ING posted a better-than-expected Q4 and announced a full-year dividend of €0.65 per share.AstraZeneca (NYSE:AZN) expects low to mid-single digit percentage drops in earnings this year, in part due to a flood of generic cholesterol drugs.Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) met expectations with a 1.4% rise in revenue during FQ3, its sixth consecutive quarter of growth, as a recovery in Europe gained pace. Feb. 4, 2016, 4:01 AM | 2 Comments
Bloomberg: Liberty Global, Vodafone restart asset swap talks
Vodafone (VOD -2%) and Liberty Global (LBTYA -0.5%) are back and talking about possible asset swaps again, after talks about trades in Europe (and maybe a merger?) fell apart last year, Bloomberg reports.Sources said the talks restarted since the beginning of 2016 and could include asset swaps and co-investments in "several" European countries.Again, though, talks are likely to center on the Netherlands (where Liberty wants to grow) and the UK and Germany, the largest markets for the two.After gaining earlier in London, shares are down 1.6% there and ADRs are off 2% on a day where the broader U.S. market is off to a rough start.
Feb. 2, 2016, 9:49 AM | 2 Comments
Vodafone testing free NZ roaming, partnering with Qantas
Vodafone (VOD +1%) is testing free roaming in New Zealand, and partnering with Qantas on a deal for its passengers.Vodafone usually charges A$5/day for customers to roam in New Zealand but is dropping the fees in a yearlong pilot project.The company will consider spreading free roaming to other countries this year as well -- which could be a significant development as Vodafone has the second-most used mobile network globally.Meanwhile, Vodafone will offer 15,000 Qantas frequent flyer points to its customers when they connect, renew or upgrade their Qantas Red plans, and offer duty-free prepaid phones and SIMs on some international flights flying into Australia. Feb. 1, 2016, 12:21 PM | 1 Comment
BT closing EE deal as telecom giant - with Openreach as room's elephant
Today is when longtime UK incumbent telecom BT Group (NYSE:BT) completes its acquisition of EE, the country's largest mobile network, creating a beast that has competitors (particularly mobile-only Vodafone) concerned about market power.That leaves Openreach, the company's fixed-line infrastructure arm, as the hot topic. For months, investors, competitors and politicians have debated whether BT should be forced to spin the company off.At stake is the effect on competition and investment when competitors rely on BT's network as wholesale customers. Rivals say BT's ownership of the network is hurting investment in higher speeds; BT argues the opposite.Analysts now are leaning toward an outcome where BT can keep Openreach, but on Monday, UK politicians urged the company to sell it off.BT chief Gavin Patterson has been forceful on the issue, saying there's no case for splitting it off and warning of a "decade of litigation" if forced to act.Next steps: The UK's Ofcom regulator reports back on a review of Openreach next month.BT's rivals: VOD, LBTYA, OTC:TKTCY, OTCQX:SKYAY Jan. 29, 2016, 1:52 AM
Vodafone +1.5% as Jefferies upgrades to Buy
Vodafone (VOD +1.5%) is outpacing broader market gains after a round of generally bullish analyst reports, including an upgrade from Jefferies Group to Buy.Jefferies bumped its price target to 250 pence, from 230; implying 14.3% upside from current London prices of 218.80p. Shares are up 0.1% in London.Barclays also reiterated its Overweight rating (also with a 250-pence price target), and Credit Suisse reiterated its Outperform rating (with a lower 230-pence price target).Meanwhile, Grupo Santander reiterated its Hold rating and a 240-pence target. Jan. 26, 2016, 11:35 AM | 1 Comment
Vodafone merger could follow progress on IPO of India business
Vodafone (VOD -2.1%) looks to be moving ahead with a public offering of its India wireless business -- a deal that could be a gateway to asset spinoffs or even more merger talk.Heavy chatter about a merger with Liberty Global (LBTYA -1.5%) covered much of last year, though it pivoted to more modest talk of asset swaps in Europe before even those discussions were called off. A New Year's Eve report posited that merger talks were back on.AT&T (T -1.7%) is said to be a prospective merger partner too, now that its acquisition of DirecTV is settled.Vodafone still has a tax issue to sort out with India, and it could use a March spectrum auction to fill out local markets for 4G service. And then: "Statements made by Group CEO Vittorio Colao make us believe a listing in 2016 is not only possible ... but probable — especially as we expect outstanding tax cases to finally get resolved and missing 4G spectrum gaps filled," says Bernstein's Chris Lane. Jan. 20, 2016, 8:21 PM | 7 Comments
Telefonica paying €2.4B to join rivals in broadcasting Spanish soccer
Telefonica (NYSE:TEF) has agreed to pay €2.4B (about $2.61B) for Spanish soccer broadcast rights -- an important catch-up to rivals Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) and Orange (NYSE:ORAN), which already show the games.The company is paying for rights to Spanish first division and two other tournaments for three years starting with the upcoming season, and it will also show the European Champions and UEFA leagues on its Movistar brand.BeIN Sports will join Telefonica's pay TV service based on a partnership with Mediaproduccion SLU, which is selling the rights. Telefonica now controls about 85% of Spain's pay TV market.Elsewhere, Telefonica got a €14.00 price target from JPMorgan. Shares closed up 0.2% to €9.49 in Madrid, implying 48% upside in the target. JPMorgan rates the stock a Buy.Shares are -0.3% after hours in U.S. trading. Jan. 12, 2016, 6:38 PM
Australian telecoms braced for New Year's traffic onslaught
With Australia ringing in the New Year, telecoms took steps to prepare for a heavy increase in overnight traffic, including huge numbers around fireworks hot spots.Vodafone Australia (NASDAQ:VOD) and Telstra (OTCPK:TLSYY) both forecast heavy jumps in texts, calls and data usage and planned to deal with the surge with a multi-pronged approach including portable cells as well as apps and Wi-Fi hotspots.Vodafone planned heavy use of "cells on wheels" as it foresaw texts more than doubling during the festivities, to about 3.2M/hour in the overnight period.Telstra expected 11.5M texts to cross its network between 11 p.m. and 2 a.m., and a total of 900M GB of data to be downloaded, twice as much as a year ago, along with 57M texts and 39M calls.It's pushed customers to use a New Year's Eve app that preloads a few dozen texts that it would automatically send at midnight for free. It also won exclusive rights to stream fireworks shows through that app as well as its website and YouTube channel. Dec. 31, 2015, 9:57 AM
Vodafone, Liberty Global up amid reports that deal talks are back on
Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) is up 1.5% in early going, and Liberty Global (NASDAQ:LBTYA) up 2.8%, after the Daily Mail covered chatter about a large tie-up to come early in the new year."Apparently corporate financiers have been working long hours over the festive period" on a potential £140B merger between the two, Geoff Foster writes -- though a much discussed asset swap is still more likely, and all talks fizzled out a few months back.Dealers are saying that Liberty's John Malone is pursuing new talks and the companies are getting favorable nods from major investors for a friendly deal, Foster says.Previous deal coverage Dec. 31, 2015, 9:41 AM | 3 Comments
Vodafone activates its first mobile blackspot tower in Australia
Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) has turned on its first cell tower that's part of Australia's mobile blackspot program, designed to add and improve coverage in regional and remote areas of the country.The firm activated a tower bringing coverage to White Rock Wind Farm in the New England region of New South Wales, the first of a planned 28 total sites with new and upgraded coverage in the region.The company is adding or upgrading 70 base stations across the country as part of the blackspot program.Australia had previously pledged A$100M to address coverage issues in the regions, which are targeted along transport routes, regional cities and places prone to natural disasters. Dec. 21, 2015, 3:23 PM | 1 Comment
Vodafone up 2.4% early as Deutsche Bank reiterates Buy
Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) is up 2.4% premarket in U.S. trading after Deutsche Bank reiterated its Buy rating on the stock.Shares are up 2.2% in London. In the past week, other firms have set bullish price targets for the stock; Morgan Stanley (which has a Buy rating) holds a price target of 270 pence -- which implies 26% upside from current price of 214.20 pence.Meanwhile, Goldman Sachs (which holds a Neutral rating) has a price target of 240 pence (about 12% upside).Vodafone this morning said its Netherlands unit would partner with IBM on a mobile push for business clients, using IBM MobileFirst solutions to improve infrastructure, apps and services for enterprise customers. Dec. 16, 2015, 9:24 AM
Vodafone +2%, pulls bond offering as investors push back on terms
Vodafone (VOD +2%) has decided to pull a bond offering rather than give in to investor demands over risk protection.The carrier planned an investment-grade deal of up to $2B, but balked as investors pressed for a change-of-control provision and wouldn't accept coupon step-ups that would come with credit agency downgrades.The change-of-control provision (forcing issuers to redeem bonds in case of takeover/merger) would have set an unwanted precedent at Vodafone, bankers suggested, and the carrier didn't want to do that or compensate with a wider spread.A similar risk-protection issue sunk a deal backing Carlyle Group's leveraged buyout of Veritas last week, as investors have grown demanding over bond terms following some high-profile change-of-control failures (as in Cablevision bondholders left dry when junk-rated Altice came in to buy the company). Nov. 25, 2015, 10:40 AM | 4 Comments
Liberty Global: More European expansion could come
Liberty Global (LBTYA -1.8%) can see more expansion coming in Europe, but the company won't pursue growth for growth's sake, says chief Mike Fries.“We’re not motivated by building empires,” Fries says. “We’re motivated by creating value.”Yet as empire-building goes, the company is taking on Caribbean-focused Cable & Wireless (OTCPK:CWIXF) for $8B (including debt), one of well over a dozen $1B-plus acquisitions the company has completed over the past 20 years, with an accumulation of debt to go with that.Its equation could have changed entirely with talks over a massive combination with Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) -- before they turned into talks over an asset swap and ultimately fizzled. "We never say never," says Fries, "but there is nothing happening at the moment."And while John Malone (who holds 24% of voting rights) is known for big dealings, Fries says he leaves the company to pursue its course: “I’ve been chief executive for 10 years and everything we’ve done has been self-created. We have the benefit of [Malone’s] strategic insight and guidance but he is not a puppeteer.”Previously: Liberty Global unit selling customers to pursue OK for Belgian takeover (Nov. 20 2015)Previously: Malone tripling stake in Lions Gate through Discovery, Liberty Global (Nov. 10 2015) Nov. 24, 2015, 6:16 PM
India hits Vodafone with $300M charge over merger/IPO plans
Vodafone (VOD -0.8%) has been hit by a 20B-rupee charge (about $300M) by India's Supreme Court related to the carrier's plans to consolidate four regional units to bring them public.That move will let the merger (and eventually, the IPO) go forward -- but it's an interim step, with an ongoing battle over a larger 69B-rupee charge ($1.04B) from India's telecoms regulator still ahead.The telecoms ministry is demanding that payment to allow for the IPO, which Vodafone confirmed it was preparing.It's not the first or only monetary dispute, though, as Finance Minister Arun Jaitley suggests the government may take another look at an ongoing $2.6B tax dispute that dates to the 2007 takeover of Hutchison Essar.Next step: Vodafone will contest the $1B payment at a meeting of India's Telecom Disputes Settlement and Appellate Tribunal. Nov. 24, 2015, 2:04 PM | 7 Comments
Vodafone +1.3%; plans £500M in non-dilutive equity-linked debt
Vodafone ADRs (NASDAQ:VOD) are up 1.3% in U.S. trading as the company sees some analyst updates and plans new debt.It's planning to raise £500M in debt via new equity-linked bonds that are due in 2020. Conversion rights will be settled in cash, meaning no dilutive effect on existing shareholders.Vodafone will use proceeds for general purposes and buying cash-settled call options.Meanwhile, RBC Capital reiterated its Outperform rating on the shares, and Grupo Santander reiterated a Hold rating.Shares are up 1% in London to 222.60 pence. The slightly more bullish RBC has a price target of 260 pence (16.8% implied upside) while Santander has a target of 240 pence (7.8% upside). Nov. 19, 2015, 10:01 AM | 1 Comment
Vodafone now planning to keep emerging-markets unit together
Speaking at Morgan Stanley's investor conference in Barcelona, Vodafone (VOD +1.7%) chief Vittoriao Colao says the company has decided to keep its emerging markets unit together after considering a wholesale spinoff/breakup.A spinoff of its farther-flung assets, including interests in India, Africa, New Zealand, Qatar, and Turkey, was more likely during talks this year with Liberty Global over swapping assets. As those talks broke down, though, Colao said the board decided existing synergies justified keeping the group together."We're open-minded," Colao says. "If one day there is a better option we will look at it."Vodafone India is progressing toward a separate listing that would include its stake in Indus Towers, though (as with the rest of the industry) the towers interest is ripe for a potential separate spinoff.Previously: With Liberty Global deal off, Vodafone returns to big-market growth focus (Oct. 07 2015) Nov. 11, 2015, 1:29 PM | 8 Comments
Vodafone ups full-year guidance
Highlighting the continued recovery of its key European markets, Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) raised its full-year earnings guidance despite swinging to a first-half loss on infrastructure costs.The group posted a return to EBITDA growth in the first half of 1.7% to £5.8B, while recording a net loss for the period of £1.7B, compared with a £5.42B profit a year ago.Vodafone now expects full-year EBIDTA of between £11.7B-£12B vs. a previous £11.5B.VOD +4% premarket. Nov. 10, 2015, 4:56 AM
UK Internet providers facing new user-history regulations
Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD), BT Group (NYSE:BT) and Sky (OTCQX:SKYAY) are among the UK Internet service providers who would have to store user access histories for up to a year if a new rule proposal takes effect.The regulation, proposed by Home Secretary Theresa May, would compel carriers to store records that would allow police to see if customers accessed apps (such as Google Maps) but wouldn't require records of full Web browsing history, she says.May is working to consolidate a number of rules updates in the Investigatory Powers Bill, despite concern from critics over civil liberties. Nov. 4, 2015, 12:09 PM | 1 Comment
Vodafone says some UK customer details exposed in breach
Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) says it's contacting about 1,800 customers after intruders accessed subscriber details this week.Phone numbers and some bank details were taken, but no credit/debit card details, the carrier says. Vodafone noticed intrusion attempts on Thursday morning and started to investigate.Other telecoms have recently suffered as customer data was breached, including T-Mobile and fellow UK carrier TalkTalk Telecom (OTC:TKTCY), which received a ransom demand from system crackers.Previously: Lawsuits gathering for T-Mobile, Experian over data breach (Oct. 07 2015) Oct. 31, 2015, 5:53 PM | 2 Comments
BT up 3.5% after EE clearance; consolidation set to continue?
BT Group (NYSE:BT) is up 3.5% in U.S. trading following the UK's provisional clearance of its £12.5B merger with mobile market leader EE.The telecom giant had made its case to regulators for the takeover in early May. Opponents, particularly Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD), have been vocal about the combination of the UK's biggest fixed-line telecom with its biggest mobile operator.And despite a harder-line stance by EU Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager -- whose opposition led to TeliaSonera and Telenor calling off a Danish merger -- the EU's digital economy commissioner, Guenther Oettinger, thinks consolidation will continue to run: "I believe the consolidation process will continue - we have rather too many than too few companies in Europe."As for Vestager's approach: "She sets a lot of store by variety of offerings, by competition, that's the one important factor. The other is that we need competitive companies who are big enough in the global competitive context."Also up today: EE owners Orange (ORAN +0.5%) and Deutsche Telekom (OTCQX:DTEGY +1%).Previously: TeliaSonera, Telenor call off Danish merger as regulators balk (Sep. 11 2015) Oct. 28, 2015, 10:09 AM
Top Russian carrier MTS leasing Vodafone brand for Ukraine use
With tensions between Russia and Ukraine at a boil, Russia's leading wireless carrier Mobile TeleSystems (MBT -1%) has a new deal with longtime partner Vodafone (VOD +0.7%) to lease its brand for Ukrainian operations.For MTS, that means leaving behind a brand valued at $12B, but considering the countries' relationship, "the value of Vodafone brand is much higher," says MTS Ukraine's Oleg Prozhyvalsky.Ukraine represented about 8% of MTS revenue last year. Meanwhile, Ukrainian lawmakers have threatened to annul licenses for companies from countries "that carry out aggression against Ukraine or create pre-conditions for military conflict."“Perception of a Russian brand in Ukraine has probably worsened amid political tensions,” said UralSib Capital analyst Konstantin Belov. “Still, rebranding requires costs and it remains to be seen how this will pay back.” Oct. 16, 2015, 11:58 AM | 3 Comments
Vodafone Australia promising VoLTE by year-end
Voice over LTE is coming to Vodafone Australia (NASDAQ:VOD) this year, but only for select Samsung devices at the moment.The move makes Vodafone the second Australian provider to offer general VoLTE, as Telstra (OTCPK:TLSYY) said it's progressively rolling out the service to its postpaid subscribers (also to Samsung devices, and the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus).It's the first step in moving all voice traffic to 4G, says Vodafone Australia CTO Benoit Hanssen.Voice over LTE promises longer battery life as well as shorter call set-up times for subscribers. Oct. 13, 2015, 11:23 PM
Vodafone down 2% premarket despite Deutsche Bank reiterating Buy
Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) is off 2% premarket despite Deutsche Bank reiterating its Buy rating.The firm set a 270-pence price target. In London, shares have fallen 1.2% to 208.23p, implying a near-30% upside.Berenberg Bank reiterated its Buy rating as well, with 264p target.Vodafone ADRs have gained 4.7% over the past 12 months but are off 11.4% in the past three months.The company is expecting to release its half-year earnings report Nov. 10. Oct. 13, 2015, 9:14 AM
BT Group to regulators: No case for splitting Openreach
BT Group (BT -0.6%) is keeping up the pressure in its response to a strategic review by UK telecom regulator Ofcom, saying that there's no case for divesting its Openreach wholesale access business -- a move it says would hurt the UK's "digital health" -- and pointing regulators instead toward the dominance of pay-TV rival Sky (OTCQX:SKYAY -0.9%).The regulator is conducting its first strategic review of the sector in 10 years amid some key and rapid change.BT in February agreed to a $19B acquisition of EE, the UK's top mobile firm, raising vocal calls from competitors (especially Vodafone) over network access. Liberty Global (LBTYA +0.3%) and Vodafone (VOD +0.3%) discussed -- and then dropped -- a merger or asset swap in Europe. And the UK's second- and fourth-largest mobile firms are pursuing a $15.7B merger.This summer, a determined BT CEO Gavin Patterson threatened the specter of a decade of litigation over Openreach if the company were forced to unload it. Now it says that the existing "functional separation" of its units has served the UK "exceptionally well over the past decade."Elsewhere, Citigroup today reiterated its Neutral rating on BT Group.Previously: BT Group up as Societe Generale reiterates Buy rating (Sep. 23 2015)Previously: BT Group recommits to 10M homes with ultrafast broadband by 2020 (Sep. 22 2015)Previously: Vodafone, rivals renew call for BT Openreach split (Sep. 21 2015) Oct. 9, 2015, 10:06 AM
Vodafone prevails in $1.3B India tax case
India's Bombay High Court has ruled in favor of Vodafone (VOD -0.4%) in a $1.3B tax case between the carrier and India's government.The case had to do with transfer pricing in international transactions, which often prompt questions about how to value the deals for tax purposes.“We hope the government won’t file an appeal,” says Vodafone lawyer Balbir Singh.Prime Minister Narendra Modi has made stable tax rules a policy focus following previous disputes with multinational companies. Oct. 8, 2015, 10:29 AM | 6 Comments
With Liberty Global deal off, Vodafone returns to big-market growth focus
The breakdown of talks over a tie-up with Liberty Global (LBTYA -0.3%) means that Vodafone (VOD -1.1%) and CEO Vittorio Colao will need a more unglamorous strategy of cable and network investments to start paying off.The carrier is now getting calls from bankers to go forward with floating its India mobile business. Management will be focused on running its biggest markets to return to steady growth."We really need to see an operational turnaround in Europe in this fiscal year," says Axa's Bruno Grandsard. "That is priority number 1, 2, and 3, including the integration of cable assets in Germany and Spain."Vodafone had bought Kabel Deutschland in Germany and Ono in Spain to compete with incumbents in those countries. Germany is Vodafone's biggest sales market, and Kabel Deutschland has been coveted by Liberty Global in talks about European asset swaps.Despite the breakdown of those talks, observers inside and outside Vodafone think Liberty Global will come calling again eventually, possibly a year from now, with the promise of some €20B in cost savings, largely in the UK and Germany. Oct. 7, 2015, 12:45 PM
Vodafone sets backhaul deal with CityFibre
Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) has set a master services agreement with UK dark-fiber specialist CityFibre for connectivity to its cell sites and to some enterprise customers, starting with York.The move comes as CityFibre and mobile providers may be looking for backhaul alternatives to BT Group (NYSE:BT), which is planning to take over EE, the country's biggest mobile operator, and thus get into mobile competition.CityFibre also has a deal to provide connectivity to a joint venture between EE and Three UK -- a pact that could change with the BT/EE merger.CityFibre is up 6.7% in London trading.Previously: Vodafone call: CEO Colao again presses for BT breakup (Jul. 24 2015)Previously: UK regulator fast-tracking review of BT Group/EE merger (Jun. 09 2015)Previously: BT wraps £12.5B deal to buy Britain's largest mobile firm (Feb. 04 2015) Oct. 6, 2015, 2:30 PM
Vodafone UK launches rich-featured phone calls
Vodafone UK (VOD +1.7%) has launched new Rich Communications Services to add new features to phone calls, though so far there's no indication of it rolling out voice over LTE.Its Call+ offering adds context and file-sharing to regular voice calls, following up on Wi-Fi calling rolled out last month.With Rich Communications Services, customers can share fiels including maps, pictures and contact details during a call, as well as set subject lines and importance for calls before they start, or add text notes alongside missed calls.The features work on Android smartphones at the moment. Oct. 2, 2015, 12:50 PM
Orange nearing sale of Orange Kenya
Orange (NYSE:ORAN), down 2.3% premarket, is in the end stages of talks to sell a 70% stake in Orange Kenya, the country's Treasury Cabinet Secretary Henry Rotich says.The deal's coming "very soon," he says, likely before year-end. Orange had paid $390M for the stake in 2007.Abandoning Kenya would mean another operator getting out and leaving the country to Safaricom, part owned by Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD), which has taken advantage of its development of the M-Pesa mobile payment system. Oct. 2, 2015, 9:15 AM
Vodafone Australia, TPG Telecom in $700M partnership
Vodafone Hutchison Australia (VOD +2.1%) has signed deals for more than a billion Australian dollars ($700M) to migrate mobile customers of TPG Telecom (OTC:TPGTF) to its network, from previous host Optus.The changeover -- "one of the industry's largest ever mobile virtual network operator (MVNO) arrangements" -- means faster 4G access for TPG customers.The deal also has TPG supplying dark fiber and network services to 3,000 Vodafone sites, generating A$900M in revenue against a spend of A$300M-A$400M over the next few years on the project. Sep. 30, 2015, 2:07 PM | 1 Comment
Vodafone up 0.9% early as firms reiterate Buy ratings
Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) is up 0.9% in premarket U.S. trading after analysts reiterate their Buy calls, following the news that Vodafone and Liberty Global broke off talks about an asset swap.Deutsche Bank reiterated its Buy rating with a 270-pence price target; shares are flat in London trading at 207.15p, implying 30% upside in its target.Beaufort Securities reiterated its Buy rating as well. Later yesterday, Barclays also had reiterated its Overweight rating, with a 250-pence target.Vodafone ADRs fell 5.2% yesterday after the news that it was terminating talks of a tie-up with the John Malone-led media giant. Sep. 29, 2015, 9:27 AM | 2 Comments
Vodafone, Liberty Global slide after deal talks end
Vodafone (VOD -3.1%) and Liberty Global (LBTYA -3.7%) were among early premarket sliders in telecom today after the two broke off discussions over swapping European assets.The cost of insuring Vodafone's debt dropped the most in nearly four months, and bonds of Liberty Global's units fell to their own records. Virgin Media (a likely Vodafone target) saw its January 2025 bonds slip to 92.8c/euro, lowest since issuance, while Germany's Unitymedia bonds fell 5.1 cents to a record low 84.4 cents.Barclays reiterated its Overweight rating on the shares with a 250-pence price target. Shares are down 3.7% in London to 209.7p, implying a 19% upside in Barclays' target.Previously: Vodafone ends talks with Liberty Global over asset swaps (Sep. 28 2015) Sep. 28, 2015, 9:39 AM
Vodafone ends talks with Liberty Global over asset swaps
Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) says it's called off talks with Liberty Global (NASDAQ:LBTYA) over a swap of assets.Amid rumors of an outright merger earlier this summer, the two confirmed they were talking about swapping some European businesses, but the talks faced challenges from the outset and are over for now.The companies never specified which assets -- though the best fit seemed to be where they had heavy overlap: in Germany, the UK and the Netherlands. But the UK is Liberty's largest market, and Germany is Vodafone's biggest sales market, and it seemed increasingly unlikely the two would bail out of those markets.Liberty had long coveted Vodafone's bigger Kabel Deutschland business, while Vodafone probably was looking at Liberty's Virgin Media.Previously: Vodafone -2.3% as Liberty Global tie-up seems troubled (Sep. 15 2015)Previously: Summer's end may bring resolution for Vodafone, Liberty (Aug. 17 2015) Sep. 28, 2015, 2:48 AM | 5 Comments
BT Group recommits to 10M homes with ultrafast broadband by 2020
Speaking at a company conference (and playing defense after a new attack from rivals), BT Group (BT -2.1%) chief Gavin Patterson said the company's ultra-fast broadband service (300-500 Mbps) would be delivered to 10M premises by 2020."We want to forge an ultra-fast future for Britain and stand ready to help government deliver the broadband speeds necessary for every property to enjoy modern-day Internet services, such as high definition TV streaming and cloud computing," Patterson says. "To achieve this, we need a collaborative effort across industry and government."The statement comes after a fresh offensive from competitors led by Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) over splitting the wholesale Openreach business from BT.BT has opened a trial of its G.fast offering involving up to 4,000 premises. It plans to hit the 10M-premise target with a combination of G.fast and fiber to the premises.A hint of 1-Gbps service suggests the company may also bring fiber-on-demand back from the dead.Previously: Vodafone, rivals renew call for BT Openreach split (Sep. 21 2015) Sep. 22, 2015, 9:56 AM | 2 Comments
Vodafone, rivals renew call for BT Openreach split
Vodafone (VOD +0.5%) and other rivals of BT Group (BT -0.3%) have renewed their call for radical reform of the UK telecom market, including a competition investigation and a split of wholesale business Openreach from BT Group proper.In an open letter in the Financial Times, chiefs of Vodafone UK, Sky (OTCQX:SKYAY), TalkTalk (OTC:TKTCY) and Daisy Group claim that British regulator Ofcom has found serious problems in the ownership of the national network by BT Openreach.For its part, BT Group says that it continues to invest billions in Openreach and that the business is exceeding service targets set by Ofcom.Meanwhile, Vodafone's tie-up talks with Liberty Global (LBTYA +0.6%) are snagging over complicated tax arrangements at Liberty and its Virgin Media cable net, The Telegraph reported. The companies have discussed swapping assets, but Liberty reportedly depends on Virgin Media's billions in losses to lower its tax burden. Sep. 21, 2015, 10:38 AM
Reuters: Europe set for long antitrust review of UK mobile merger
Antitrust regulators in Europe are set to launch a wide probe into Hutchison Whampoa's (OTCPK:HUWHY) £10.3B bid for O2, the UK mobile unit of Telefonica (TEF -4.1%) -- which likely means key concessions are coming, Reuters reports.The plan to merge Hutchison's Three with O2 was a long time coming, and now it's facing what looks like a sterner regulatory regime whose stance helped kill a plan to merge the Danish operations of TeliaSonera and Telenor.The EU's competition authority has an Oct. 16 deadline for preliminary review but is expected to follow with a full-blown investigation that should last five months.Proper concessions are likely to be challenging, however: Three UK shares a 3G network with market leader EE (ORAN, OTCQX:DTEGY), while Telefonica shares some towers with Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) -- which has been vocal about ensuring competition as the UK market consolidates. Sep. 18, 2015, 1:25 PM
Vodafone -2.3% as Liberty Global tie-up seems troubled
Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) is off 2.3% amid the newly tougher regulatory scheme that likely has put a kibosh on a merger with Liberty Global (NASDAQ:LBTYA).A shift in approach to the hard line by European Commission competition chief Margrethe Vestager recently got TeliaSonera and Telenor to call off a merger of their Danish operators. And Liberty is offering up fresh concessions in an effort to seal its effort to buy KPN's Belgian operator Base.John Malone is still looking for common ground with Vodafone over some kind of tie-up, he tells Bloomberg, as those talks seem to stall. Discussions about a full merger that initially moved stocks turned to talks over an asset swap in Europe, as Vodafone insists it's not talking about the full deal."Obviously there’s a price at which Liberty Global could be bought," Malone said. "I don’t believe that that’s likely for the other side to get there -- an outright purchase of the whole company. Other than that, it’s a question of could you figure out some way to live together."Vodafone chief Vittorio Colao should "retire" now that the merger talks have fallen apart, says telecom analyst Neil Campling of Aviate Global. Asset swaps seem unlikely in key markets the UK and Germany, he says. “While we can find reasons to invest in Liberty Global on a standalone basis, the same cannot be said for Vodafone," he says. "What's next? Vittorio, surely, will retire and head for the sunshine/ski slope. He should.”Meanwhile, Vodafone India has begun talks with IBM to renew a 660B-rupee ($1B) outsourcing contract that expires in June. Other vendors, including Wipro, Tata Consultancy, Infosys and Tech Mahindra, could push for the deal. Sep. 15, 2015, 9:32 AM | 1 Comment
Three UK turns on VoLTE, 800 MHz frequency
In a market recently hot with network improvement talk, Three UK (OTCPK:HUWHY) has announced its commercial launch of voice-over-LTE and the debut of its 800 MHz spectrum.The company's calling it "4G Super-Voice" to communicate the move to consumers, who should benefit from better indoor coverage with the user of the lower frequencies. Three's beating EE (ORAN, OTCQX:DTEGY) and Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) to the VoLTE punch.Three says a million of its customers will have access by the end of the year, and that the technology already covers 50% of the UK's population for indoor coverage and more than 75% of London, Edinburgh, Exeter and Birmingham. Sep. 14, 2015, 8:06 PM
Vodafone -1.8% premarket as Nomura cuts price target
Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) is off 1.8% premarket in U.S. trading after early-a.m. analyst action.Shares are down 1.1% in London as Nomura cut its price target to 275 pence from its previous 290 pence, while maintaining a Buy rating. Shares are trading currently at 221.46p, implying more than 30% upside.Meanwhile, Credit Suisse has reiterated its Outperform rating, with a target of 250 pence (12.9% upside from current trading).Both those targets are slightly higher than consensus, which sits just over 239 pence.Vodafone ADRs are down 7% over the past month. Sep. 14, 2015, 9:18 AM | 1 Comment
Deutsche Telekom: We'd oppose Liberty-Vodafone merger
A merger between Liberty Global (LBTYA -1%) and Vodafone (VOD -1.6%) would draw an objection from Deutsche Telekom (OTCQX:DTEGY -0.5%) over concerns about the TV market, according to the head of DT's German business.“We would definitely have some remedies and protests against a merger, but we also expect the authorities to have a view on that,” said Niek Jan van Damme.Amid rumors of a bigger tie-up, Liberty Global and Vodafone have said they're discussing asset swaps in Europe, though operations in some countries are better fits than others. The two companies' broadband businesses don't overlap and don't present a competitive problem, van Damme says.Deutsche Telekom, meanwhile, is exploring more content partnerships and infrastructure sharing (such as networks).Previously: Summer's end may bring resolution for Vodafone, Liberty (Aug. 17 2015)Previously: Liberty Global, Vodafone see better rules environment for swaps (Jun. 12 2015)Previously: Liberty Global CEO: Need mobile services to complete quad-play (Jun. 09 2015) Sep. 4, 2015, 1:44 PM | 4 Comments
Vodafone Spain signs deal to offer Netflix
Ahead of the vaunted launch of Netflix (NFLX -6.3%) service in Spain next month, Vodafone Spain (VOD -1.7%) has signed a deal to become the first pay TV provider to offer Netflix in the country.Vodafone says it can deliver Netflix's app to subscribers without a set-top box update. Perhaps more important for subscribers, they'll have an integrated search engine for programming on Vodafone's service, and Netflix offerings will be part of the recommendations section.Netflix has been stacking up deals with (smaller) pay TV providers, including Cogeco's Atlantic Broadband earlier this summer, Cable One, Mediacom, Suddenlink and Grande Communications.Previously: Netflix sets October for delayed launch in Spain (Jun. 03 2015)Previously: Netflix eyes tough market in Spain (Mar. 08 2015) Sep. 1, 2015, 12:01 PM | 2 Comments
Vodafone confirms 4G launch in India by end of year
Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) has confirmed its plan to launch 4G service in India by year's end, joining a hot space after Bharti Airtel and Reliance Industries pressed their own 4G rollouts.Vodafone has successfully begun tests, it says, and that Mumbai, Delhi, Kolkata, Bengaluru and Kochi -- "important data markets" -- would be part of the first wave.With Airtel as the first mover, launching 4G service in about 300 cities and towns, and Reliance Jio to launch in December with a 1T-rupee investment ($16B), analysts warned of a round of price wars.JPMorgan noted that along with the effect of price cuts, Reliance's re-entry of the market is affecting capex at rivals. Aug. 28, 2015, 10:07 AM | 1 Comment
Turkey's 4G auction draws better than expected $4.5B
Turkey's once-postponed auction of 4G airwaves did better than expected, drawing €3.96B (about $4.5B) in bids from Turkey's three operators: Vodafone (VOD +2.5%), Turkcell (TKC +4.6%) and Avea (OTC:TRKNY).The original tender had been postponed in May as president Recep Tayyip Erdogan pressed for a cancellation, and for the country to skip a generation and try to upgrade infrastructure to 5G. But that technology isn't fully defined yet, and any commercial rollouts aren't likely before 2020.The auction performed well in a market that features a young, data-hungry population, says analyst Jonathan Friedman: "Beyond recent political instability, Turkey is a large market with nearly 80 million consumers, and investors want to be a part of that."The bids received today are subject to a final approval process before frequencies are allocated. Aug. 26, 2015, 3:36 PM | 2 Comments
Vodafone drops pursuit of Lebanon mobile operations
Vodafone (VOD -2.8%) has pulled out of a six-company competition to take over Lebanon's two mobile operators.The government's two mobile firms, Touch and Alfa, were being run by Zain and Orascom Telecom Media and Technology, though the two companies' management contracts expired two years ago.Vodafone's pulling out leaves five others competing: Zain, Orange (ORAN -0.2%), Maxis, Turkcell (TKC -1.9%) and a unit of Deutsche Telekom (OTCQX:DTEGY), as OTMT didn't submit a bid application on time. Aug. 21, 2015, 12:54 PM | 1 Comment
Summer's end may bring resolution for Vodafone, Liberty
Amid discussion and plenty of speculation about how or when Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) and Liberty Global (LBTYA +1.2%) are going to get together, some analysts are looking to the coming month for clarity.The timetable might move based on Vodafone's actions for emerging-market assets, and how they are split from European assets.While the two companies confirmed discussions earlier this summer, they squelched talk of an outright purchase/merger, saying instead that they were talking about swapping assets.Nomura's James Britton sees an update coming soon on the negotiations. "The upside for both entities is clear to see and we remain confident that an offer for Vodafone Europe, which leaves Vodafone shareholders with a considerable interest in the premier convergence provider (Liberty) in Europe, will be an enticing prospect for Vodafone's board," he writes. Nomura has been on record saying an outright merger would look more attractive than an asset swap.Though Vodafone has stated the companies are not considering a merger, we do not believe this is necessarily a permanent state of affairs," Citigroup's Simon Weeden wrote last month, saying the "cleanest and lowest risk" path to synergy was via "a full acquisition of Liberty by Vodafone.Previously: Liberty Global, Vodafone see better rules environment for swaps (Jun. 12 2015)Previously: Liberty Global CEO: Need mobile services to complete quad-play (Jun. 09 2015) Aug. 17, 2015, 2:04 PM | 3 Comments
Qualcomm sells U.K. spectrum for reported $156M+
Qualcomm (QCOM +0.1%) has sold its L-Band (1452MHz.-1492MHz.) U.K. spectrum to Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) and Three's U.K. subsidiaries. The Times reports total proceeds are expected to be above £100M ($156M).Qualcomm announced in June it would sell the spectrum, following an EU decision allowing the L-Band to be used for mobile downlink capacity. The company paid just £8.3M ($12.9M) in 2008 to buy the spectrum. Aug. 14, 2015, 11:58 AM | 3 Comments
Vodafone India CIO leaving for new position
Vodafone India's (NASDAQ:VOD) chief information officer is leaving the company, to take on a broader role at another firm, he said.Anthony Thomas has led the Mumbai-based IT team since April 2012, after holding senior positions at companies including Citigroup and Ernst & Young. His tenure included the company's rollout of the M-pesa mobile money transfer system.He says his last day will be Sept. 15. Aug. 12, 2015, 6:09 PM | 2 Comments
Telecom Italia mulls wholesale reorg to avoid €4.4B in antitrust damages
Telecom Italia (TI -1.3%) is looking to avoid up to €4B (about $4.4B) in antitrust charges via a reorganization of the unit that leases its wireline network to competitors -- including Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD), which is seeking more than €1B in damages, Bloomberg reports.The plan would be modeled after what BT Group has done in the UK with Openreach: folding its OpenAccess unit into its wholesale business.The board is reportedly set to review the plan at a meeting on Thursday. TI has reportedly made provisions, including one-time items of €309M in Q2, to address antitrust concerns.Telecom competitor Fastweb SpA --owned by Swisscom (OTCPK:SCMWY) -- is also pursuing remedies against TI, to the tune of €1.7B.The proposal would have TI buying wholesale capacity from OpenAccess just as its rivals do, and the wholesale group would have total oversight over OpenAccess. Aug. 4, 2015, 7:41 PM | 1 Comment
Vodafone call: CEO Colao again presses for BT breakup
Following Vodafone's (VOD +2%) Q1 results, in its earnings call today (transcript), CEO Vittorio Colao elaborated on the company's discomfort with the power of a consolidated BT Group/EE combo in the UK as regulatory questions piled up.Vodafone and industry peers have called for a breakup of BT Group -- UK regulator Ofcom is considering a split of Openreach -- and Colao said the right rules could prompt investment."So I think the regulators should have a serious look at the possibility of creating a true modern infrastructure company to serve the country. And Openreach could be that one. And, ideally, Vodafone could even be an investor in fiber like we are in other places, if it was a genuine thing."Colao also complained about broadcasters like Sky paying heavy fees to get exclusive programming rights that are enforced with some close-together geographic borders in Europe, a subject that touches on the EU's antitrust action against major Hollywood studios."Minimum guarantees are my enemy and we need to convince regulators they are anticompetitive," Colao said. "But I think the behavior of content owners will be under a lot of scrutiny in coming years."Previously: BT CEO threatens decade of litigation if forced to divest wholesale unit (Jul. 20 2015) Jul. 24, 2015, 9:20 PM
Vodafone up 2.7% as Europe starts to turn, India boosts results
Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) is up 2.7% premarket after a quarterly report where growth sped up slightly on revenues held down by currency changes.Revenues were down 0.9%, but increased 3.3% excluding forex and M&A. Organic service revenues (excluding M&A, forex and handset sales) was up 0.8%, boosted by 6.1% gains in its Africa/Middle East/Asia Pacific geo. India provided a regional boost with 6.9% gains.European organic service revenue fell 1.5% but comparative recovery was apparent across markets: Germany -1.2%; Italy -2%; Spain -5.5%; UK +0.2%.The company reported 24.1M 4G customers across 18 markets.CEO Vittorio Colao called it "a good start to the year. Our emerging markets have maintained their strong momentum and more of our European businesses are returning to growth, as customer demand for 4G and data takes off." Jul. 24, 2015, 9:27 AM | 1 Comment
Vodafone -1.1% premarket as it shuffles European leadership
Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) is down 1.1% premarket in U.S. trading following news of a shakeup of its European management even as it talks with Liberty Global about swapping assets on the continent.European chief Philipp Humm will step down and leave Vodafone, and the chiefs of Vodafone's most crucial markets -- Germany, Italy, the UK and Spain -- will report directly to CEO Vittorio Colao as part of a group executive committee.Colao says this will "simplify and streamline the management of our largest European markets and accelerate our strategic plans in those countries" as convergence quickens and the company proceeds with organic investment.Meanwhile, Grupo Santander reiterated its Underweight rating on Vodafone. Santander has a price target on London shares of 215 pence; shares are down 0.9% in London, to 236.9 pence.Nomura has reiterated its Buy rating today.Previously: Vodafone up as firms counter Goldman, reiterate Buy ratings (Jul. 16 2015)Previously: Vodafone, Liberty merger "far more attractive" than asset swap: Nomura (Jun. 23 2015) Jul. 21, 2015, 9:07 AM | 1 Comment
BT CEO threatens decade of litigation if forced to divest wholesale unit
Gavin Patterson, CEO of BT Group (NYSE:BT), used an interview to threaten the prospect of a decade of lawsuits and a standstill to broadband investment if the UK's telecom regulator forces it to sell its Openreach wholesale unit."This is a commercial enterprise and if there’s uncertainty we will defend the rights of our shareholders, undoubtedly," he said to The Telegraph. "At the end of it, and if we’re meant to be looking at the next 10 years, what do you want to look back on? Do you want to look back at 10 years of litigation and arguments?”Ofcom, the UK watchdog, had floated the idea last week that BT could be forced to spin off the wholesale business to boost competition, amid rivals like TalkTalk, Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) and (especially) Sky arguing for a breakup or restrictions on BT even as it pursues acquiring EE, Britain's largest wireless provider.Patterson calls those stances "quite staggering hypocrisy" from providers who pushed for lower prices rather than investing in last-mile networks.While a total to halt to broadband investment is part of BT's threat, the company says it's going forward with deploying G.fast technology for now.Previously: BT could be broken up under U.K. market shake-up (Jul. 16 2015)Previously: Vodafone returns to UK broadband with new offering (Jun. 10 2015)Previously: UK regulator fast-tracking review of BT Group/EE merger (Jun. 09 2015) Jul. 20, 2015, 2:20 PM
Vodafone up as firms counter Goldman, reiterate Buy ratings
Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) is up 0.9% in U.S. trading as it has its Overweight/Outperform rating reiterated by both JPMorgan Chase and Credit Suisse today.Credit Suisse has a price target on London shares of 250 pence.Nomura has reiterated its Buy rating as well, with a 290 pence price target. Shares are currently +1.1% to 238.3 pence in London.In its action yesterday, Goldman Sachs had downgraded to Neutral with a price target on ADRs of $39, down from $41, and a London price target of 250 pence, down from 275p. The firm removed Vodafone from its Pan-Europe Buy list. ADRs closed at $36.99 yesterday.Previously: Vodafone -1.1%; pulled off Goldman's Pan-Europe Buy List (Jul. 15 2015) Jul. 16, 2015, 10:55 AM
Vodafone -1.1%; pulled off Goldman's Pan-Europe Buy List
Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) is 1.1% lower as Goldman Sachs removes it from its Pan-Europe Buy List, downgrading the stock to Neutral from Buy.The firm has a price target of 250 pence, down from 275 pence; shares are trading down 1% in London at 235.55 pence.Amid recent talk about an asset swap with Liberty Global (LBTYA +0.5%), Goldman's Tim Boddy sees the risk/reward profile as "more binary" with Vodafone still set to benefit from "'double' consolidation of both mobile and fixed-mobile operators ... We see attractive operational gearing to this growth recovery given its low margins."M&A is still a very valid option and if management reconsiders its structure, "we believe a number of other potential acquirers could take interest in its remaining assets," he says. Jul. 15, 2015, 10:12 AM | 4 Comments
Vodafone offering Mediaset TV content bundles to Italy subscribers
Vodafone (VOD +1%) has signed a deal with Mediaset to offer its pay-TV content to Vodafone Italy customers.The content will carry through Vodafone's 4G network, covering 88% of Italy's population. Similarly, competitor Telecom Italia (NYSE:TI) offers its customers full content of Sky Italia (OTCQX:SKYAY).An initial flagship bundle combining voice and data with TV series, sports and movies is available to Vodafone subscribers at €39/month (about $43), with lower-priced packages available. Jul. 9, 2015, 12:05 PM
Europe's quad plays likely leading to better margins, moats
Europe is leading the world in telecoms moving to "quad-play" bundling -- adding wireless to fixed-line telephones, broadband and pay TV -- which should mean a big opportunity for firms to drive margin improvement and build some competitive moats, says Morningstar's Allan Nichols.Both in-country consolidations and convergence mergers are helping build moats, he says -- the latter because it tends to lower churn as people subscribe to more services. And with lower churn, companies can lower subscriber acquisition cost.His favorites in the space: Telefonica (NYSE:TEF), already a leader in triple-play and convergence in Spain and Brazil; Orange (NYSE:ORAN), leading a fiber buildout in France; and Millicom International Cellular (OTCPK:MIICF), with a high organic growth rate but low EV/EBITDA.About 16% of Virgin Media customers were taking four services when it was acquired by Liberty Global (NASDAQ:LBTYA) in summer 2013, which Nichols thinks was a key factor. Liberty is now offering wireless services as an MVNO in several markets, and has agreed to buy Royal KPN's (OTCPK:KKPNY) wireless business Base.From the wireless direction, Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) is also acquiring assets to offer other services, particularly after it bought Cable & Wireless Worldwide in the UK, and later Kabel Deutschland in Germany.Europe would benefit from more cross-border mergers, Nichols says, but they're unlikely due to political constraints, and German cable consolidation is likely to run into regulatory opposition as well. Jul. 8, 2015, 11:58 PM
Vodafone's new Australian core network to ease expansion
Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) says all Australian 4G customers are now on an upgraded core network that it's been working on with Ericsson, which should ease future expansion.The company's 3G customers are still migrating, it said: "We're 70-80% done ... we're moving customer segment by customer segment over to the core."The move should lower costs overall for Vodafone, particularly as it pursues expansion -- and it will receive A$20M in the next three years for expanding into the country's more remote regions.Later this year, Vodafone plans to implement voice-over-LTE to make 4G the default for voice calls, rather than phones falling back to 3G. Jul. 8, 2015, 11:42 PM | 1 Comment
EU scraps roaming charges; introduces net neutrality
Bringing months of negotiations to an end, European lawmakers have agreed to a final proposal to scrap roaming charges within the 28-member union as of June 2017 and introduce rules on "net neutrality."Unlike stricter laws in the U.S., the EU will allow specialized services for things such as streaming live TV as long as it does not hinder other customers - a move likely to be welcomed by telecoms groups.Related tickers: AMCX, VOD, ORAN, TI, TEF, BT, OTCQX:DTEGY, OTCPK:HUWHY, OTCPK:TLTZY Jun. 30, 2015, 4:14 AM
Liberty Global CEO: Focused on existing-market growth
European cable leader Liberty Global (NASDAQ:LBTYA) is going to look for growth in the 12 continental markets it already occupies, CEO Michael Fries tells Germany's Handelsblatt, even as the company has acknowledged discussing asset swaps with Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD)."There are not many more markets, like Scandinavia, where we are not active," Fries said. "Spain, Portugal and France do not interest us."The asset swap talks have focused on Liberty's and Vodafone's two key overlapping markets -- the UK and Germany -- but the UK is Vodafone's home and Liberty's largest market, while Germany is Vodafone's biggest sales market.Meanwhile, in Germany, Fries hinted Liberty could swallow up more ground -- "We could certainly look at these," companies like Telecolumbus, Pepcom or Primacom.But he said it didn't need to buy assets to grow in its existing markets. "Our networks reach 50 million households in Europe. However, only 25 million households are customers of ours so far. We can tap the others without great additional costs."Previously: Vodafone, Liberty merger "far more attractive" than asset swap: Nomura (Jun. 23 2015)Previously: Liberty Global, Vodafone see better rules environment for swaps (Jun. 12 2015) Jun. 24, 2015, 10:32 AM | 3 Comments
Reports: Vivendi, Vodafone tried to buy Fox's Sky stake
Vivendi (OTCPK:VIVHY) and Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) reportedly approached Twenty-First Century Fox (FOX, FOXA) about giving up its 39% stake in Sky (OTCQX:SKYAY) -- but were rebuffed after the Murdochs started asking for a 73% premium.Both companies have been linked with the British satellite broadcaster in the past. Macquarie noted that instead of setting up an asset swap with Liberty Global, a "more rational" play for Vodafone would be a content play with Sky -- and one in keeping with its 2013 buy of Kabel Deutschland.Meanwhile, Vivendi was reported to have made a bid for Sky in April, but denied that.That leaves speculation that Fox might want to buy the rest of Sky, having failed that in 2010 when the UK phone hacking scandal got in the way, but Sanford Bernstein's Claudio Aspersi doubts that: “If Fox is hoping to make another run at Sky in the near-term (in spite of the political opposition which likely remains high), we don't understand why they'd anchor the bid at such a high price."Previously: Vodafone -2.2% after dampening Liberty merger talk (Jun. 05 2015)Previously: Reuters: Vivendi may be eyeing £28B deal for Sky (Apr. 08 2015) Jun. 23, 2015, 8:03 PM | 1 Comment
Bloomberg: South Africa close to selling $2.3B stake in Vodacom
South Africa is near a deal on the sale of its $2.3B (27.7B rand) stake in Vodacom (OTC:VODAF), the Johannesburg-based unit of Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD), Bloomberg reports.The government is likely to sell all of a 13.91% stake in Vodacom to its state-owned Public Investment Corp. in stages, and apply the proceeds to a rescue package for state-owned power utility Eskom Holdings SOC, which has engineered blackouts amid a funding shortfall.Combined with the PIC's existing stake in Vodacom, it could become the second-largest shareholder behind Vodafone's 65% stake.Vodacom is up 2% in Johannesburg; Vodafone ADRs are up 0.8% on Nasdaq. Jun. 23, 2015, 12:23 PM | 1 Comment
Vodafone, Liberty merger "far more attractive" than asset swap: Nomura
Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) and Liberty Global's (NASDAQ:LBTYA) discussions around asset swaps will help establish that such scenarios are far less attractive than simply combining all their European assets, Nomura says.The companies have potential to create "an unrivaled integrated communications provider across Europe."Total cost synergies could be $32.6B.An asset exchange, on the other hand, will be difficult given the mismatch of their asset valuations.Raises Vodafone to Buy.Previously: Confirmed: Vodafone considering asset swap with Liberty (Jun. 5)Previously: Vodafone -2.2% after dampening Liberty merger talk (Jun. 5) Jun. 23, 2015, 3:19 AM | 2 Comments
European telecoms mark strong gains amid merger bids
With consolidation in the air, telecom players are trading significantly higher today Europe-wide.Telefonica (TEF +4.5%), Telecom Italia (TI +1.9%), Orange (ORAN +8.2%), Vodafone (VOD +1.8%), KPN (OTCPK:KKPNY +5.5%), Deutsche Telekom (OTCQX:DTEGY +5.4%), Belgacom (OTCPK:BGAOY +2.7%), TeliaSonera (OTCPK:TLSNY +1.9%) and Pharol (OTCPK:PTGCY +8.5%) are all among firms getting a punch up today.The richness of the proposed deal by Numericable-SFR (Altice, OTC:ATCEY) for Bouygues Telecom (OTCPK:BOUYY) -- at €10B, it suggests one of the highest regional industry EBITDA multiples (14.4x) in years -- may be lifting firms in a consolidation-friendly atmosphere, even with the hurdles this deal has to overcome.French regulators have gone on the record against the deal, calling for investment: “Consolidation isn’t advisable for the sector,” says econ minister Emmanuel Macron. “Employment, investment and giving customers the best possible service should be the priority.”In addition, a reluctant Martin Bouygues would need to be convinced to change his mind and sell.Previously: Altice confirms Bouygues Telecom bid (Jun. 22 2015) Jun. 22, 2015, 12:13 PM | 2 Comments
Vodafone taps outgoing Telekom Austria chief to lead German unit
Vodafone (VOD +0.3%) has tapped Hannes Ametsreiter -- the outgoing CEO of Telekom Austria (OTCPK:TKAGY) -- as its chief in Germany, Vodafone's biggest market by sales. He'll start Oct. 1.That move comes amid chatter about possible Vodafone asset swaps with Liberty Global that has focused on Germany, with a heavy overlap between the two.Vodafone's German revenue declined more than 3% last quarter as the company lost subscribers to Deutsche Telekom (OTCQX:DTEGY). Vodafone's Kabel Deutschland would love to get Liberty Global's German assets to compete better with DT in broadband.Previously: Liberty Global, Vodafone see better rules environment for swaps (Jun. 12 2015) Jun. 19, 2015, 10:59 AM
German wireless auction passes 2010 total of €4.38B
Germany's big three wireless carriers have taken the country's multi-band wireless spectrum auction past its 163rd round and matched the bid total from five years ago, with more to come.Telefonica Deutschland (NYSE:TEF), Deutsche Telekom (OTCQX:DTEGY) and Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) have combined for €4.38B in bids (about $4.9B), the total received in 2010, when there were four bidders.Bidding is ongoing, but has slowed in recent days.Action has been heavy in the 1.8-GHz band -- where Telefonica Deutschland is protecting its stronger position while it skips the unpaired 1.5 GHz sale -- and in 900 MHz.The 700 MHz band (good for city/indoor coverage) is for sale for the first time, and today saw its first offers raised beyond the minimum bid.Deutsche Telekom has been the big bidder in the auction.Previously: Deutsche Telekom leads spending in German spectrum auction (May. 30 2015) Jun. 17, 2015, 9:51 AM
Australian telecoms spar over report slamming Telstra prices
Heating up a telecom battle in Australia, incumbent provider Telstra (OTCPK:TLSYY) is accused of putting the country's citizens to a A$3B "price premium" in a new report -- funded by key competitor Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD).The report, from the Centre for International Economics, says Telstra customers are paying A$20/month too much for fixed-line services and A$9/month extra for mobile, and that they are paying 50% more per gigabyte of data.It calls for transmission prices to be set at cost by regulators, as well as for better access to regional spectrum for competitors -- as well as a revamp of a universal-service fee that competitors say is a subsidy to Telstra.Telstra is swinging back at competitors following the report: "The experience of the Australian market makes it clear the companies willing to invest in their network are able to attract more customers and drive increased consumption, while under-investment results in the opposite."With a customer base around 27M (16M mobile), Telstra has a significant lead over peers such as Vodafone (about 5.3M mobile customers in country). Jun. 15, 2015, 11:08 AM
Liberty Global, Vodafone see better rules environment for swaps
As Liberty Global (NASDAQ:LBTYA) and Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) talk about swapping assets in Europe, both companies think increased telecom competition has made Europe's regulators more relaxed about consolidation issues."We see that big telecoms providers are allowed to merge," Manuel Cubero, chief executive of Vodafone's Kabel Deutschland told Reuters in Germany. "We see that politicians support this trend in order to strengthen the ability of companies to invest."Germany is one epicenter of the swaps discussion as the two companies have heavy overlap in the region. It's Vodafone's largest market by sales and likely hopes to get Liberty cable operations there in any swap -- "The more we grow, the better we can compete with Deutsche Telekom (OTCQX:DTEGY) in broadband," says Cubero -- but neither firm may be willing to part with UK business."The Commission's view of consolidation in the telecom sector in Europe has changed," says Lutz Schueler, head of Liberty's German business Unitymedia.Vodafone's Kabel Deutschland and Liberty's Unitymedia are the No. 1 and No. 2 cable operators in Germany respectively. The country has 29.6M broadband connections, but 23.3M of those are via phone lines and more than half of those controlled by Deutsche Telekom. Jun. 12, 2015, 9:19 AM | 2 Comments
UK regulator probing Vodafone over customer complaints
It's Vodafone's (NASDAQ:VOD) turn for a probe over customer dealings, as UK regulator Ofcom announced it was looking into complaints about billing and complaint handling.The company's not alone, as Ofcom is also looking into EE (the country's mobile leader) over complaint handling. It fined another provider, Three U.K., £250K last fall over the same issue.UK Regulations require providers there to make sure customers' bills reflect the true extent of service provided, and to have transparent, accessible complaint-handling procedures that they comply with.Vodafone says in a statement that it's improving its network, training and billing procedures. Jun. 11, 2015, 9:38 AM | 2 Comments
Vodafone returns to UK broadband with new offering
Three years after it got out, Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) has gotten back into broadband in the UK, introducing Vodafone Connect in a new effort to compete with bundling plans from BT Group (NYSE:BT).For now, it's just for existing Vodafone customers in certain locations. It plans to extend the service through more areas and to non-customers as the year goes on.The company has a nationwide fiber-optic network passing 20M premises (which it will increase to 22M this summer) that runs at speeds up to 76 Mbps, part of what it acquired in taking on Cable & Wireless Worldwide three years ago.The plans will have 18-month contracts at affordable prices (at first, anyway): Aside from a line rental just under £17/month, plans start at £2.50/month for the first 12, and £5/month for the remainder; the higher-end fiber will be £10/month rising to £20/month.Shares are up slightly, +0.2%, in London trading.Previously: UK regulator fast-tracking review of BT Group/EE merger (Jun. 09 2015) Jun. 10, 2015, 9:20 AM
Liberty Global CEO: Need mobile services to complete quad-play
Liberty Global (NASDAQ:LBTYA) CEO Michael Fries was quiet about Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) in particular, but did say that mobile services were an important growth driver that the company needed to add to its older fixed-line and Internet services.It's all about getting into the "quad-play" -- being able to offer bundles with TV, Intenet, landline and mobile phone service -- a trend that is helping drive consolidation across the telecom industry.The quad-play bundle is "an important piece of the puzzle," Fries says. “We see in the U.K. and Belgium that customers become more sticky."Liberty probably wouldn't buy a mobile operator in the UK, though, he said, and in most other markets it's more efficient to rent mobile capacity than to buy it.The company has been in asset-swap talks with Vodafone that are likely hinging on European assets, as there are cost synergies to gain even though an outright merger would be difficult to impossible considering their size.The size also means that Liberty's not a takeover target, Fries says: “We are absolutely not vulnerable, in terms of becoming a target against our own will ... We have great organic growth. There are no deals we need to do to be successful.”Previously: Vodafone -2.2% after dampening Liberty merger talk (Jun. 05 2015)Previously: Liberty Global up 4.7%, Vodafone up 4.2% on report of merger talks (Jun. 04 2015) Jun. 9, 2015, 3:28 PM
A Vodafone split could ease deal, interest AT&T
Vodafone (VOD +0.6%) has gained as much as 12.5% after John Malone's May 19 comment about how the company would be a "great fit" with his Liberty Global, but some sober thought about regulatory risk for any deal has meant it coming a bit closer to earth, down 5.6% from the 52-week high.Vodafone clarified that the companies were talking about an asset swap and talk now turns to whether Vodafone's board might consider a breakup of the firm in order to ease a deal -- in which case AT&T (NYSE:T) could re-emerge as a buyer, using cash flow from an acquisition of DirecTV (NASDAQ:DTV).Vodafone is already considering an IPO of its India business, and the other emerging market operations may need to be split off as well. But CEO Vittorio Colao has been opposed to splitting the firm.Oppenheimer speculated earlier this year that AT&T could acquire Vodafone and move its HQ out of the U.S. for tax savings, though the Obama administration planned to fight such strategies.Meanwhile, Bank of America has upgraded Vodafone to Neutral from its previous Underperform, and raised its price target to $38 from $35. Shares are trading today at $37.27.Previously: Vodafone -2.2% after dampening Liberty merger talk (Jun. 05 2015)Previously: Vodafone up as Goldman says it may be an asset seller (May. 22 2015) Jun. 8, 2015, 12:32 PM | 7 Comments
Vodafone -2.2% after dampening Liberty merger talk
Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) is off 2.2% today after clarifying that it is talking with Liberty Global (LBTYA +1.3%), but about asset swaps instead of an outright merger.A merger would be difficult considering the size of both companies; it would be one of the largest deals ever on enterprise value. But where would asset swaps happen?Swaps would be best where the overlap is heavy: in Germany, the UK and the Netherlands. But neither company seems likely to give up on the UK, Thao Hua notes. It's Liberty's largest market (and where it draws a chunk of tax benefits), and Vodafone's home. Meanwhile, Germany is Vodafone's biggest sales market."I do not think Malone wants to exit any of U.K., Germany or Netherlands," Wunderlich's Matthew Harrigan says.Meanwhile, Macquarie's Amy Yong and Guy Peddy point out that "neither Vodafone nor Liberty Global have any track record of integrating wireless and cable TV assets." They had previously described a "more rational" deal for Vodafone would be tying up with Sky (OTCQX:SKYAY) in a content play.They add: "Any deal with Liberty Global would in our view result in a transfer of value from Vodafone to Liberty Global."Previously: Liberty Global up 4.7%, Vodafone up 4.2% on report of merger talk (Jun. 04 2015)Previously: Vodafone-Liberty still good strategy, but not a slam dunk (Jun. 02 2015) Jun. 5, 2015, 11:39 AM | 3 Comments
Confirmed: Vodafone considering asset swap with Liberty
Putting an end to the speculation, Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) has confirmed it has held talks with Liberty Global (NASDAQ:LBTYA) to exchange some of their businesses in Europe, but said it was "not in discussions concerning a combination of the two companies."Liberty broke cover on its interest in exploring a potential merger two weeks ago after chairman John Malone pointed to "substantial synergies" should it merge with Vodafone.Previously: Liberty Global up 4.7%, Vodafone up 4.2% on report of merger talk (Jun. 04 2015) Jun. 5, 2015, 3:50 AM | 1 Comment
Liberty Global up 4.7%, Vodafone up 4.2% on report of merger talks
Following on John Malone's "great fit" comment, Liberty Global (NASDAQ:LBTYA) is up 4.7% after hours as Bloomberg reports the company's talking with Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD), up 4.2% now in late trading, about a range of transactions including a straightforward merger -- which would be one of the largest deals ever on enterprise value.Management issues may be a hurdle (to be expected in any discussions involving the role of billionaire Malone), and Liberty has reportedly soured a bit on the talks recently.Aside from a merger, though, the companies could merge their European business or conduct a series of asset swaps.Liberty Global is the largest cable company in the world, with an enterprise value of about $89B. Vodafone has an EV of about $141B.A European asset merger would likely mean that Vodafone looks at spinning off Middle East/Africa operations.Previously: Vodafone-Liberty still good strategy, but not a slam dunk (Jun. 02 2015)Previously: Vodafone stakeholders: More open to Liberty tie-up (May. 28 2015)Previously: Vodafone jumps on Malone comments (May. 20 2015)Previously: Liberty's Malone: Combo with Vodafone would be 'great fit' (May. 19 2015) Jun. 4, 2015, 5:57 PM | 2 Comments
Vodafone-Liberty still good strategy, but not a slam dunk
Despite merger talk that has lifted Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) more than 7% in the past two weeks -- and a good strategic case -- a tie-up with John Malone's Liberty Global (NASDAQ:LBTYA) isn't simple or all that close, Thao Hua notes.Breakups might be required, as neither company is easy to swallow whole (Vodafone's EV is about £90B; Liberty's about $90B). The pair could save nearly $30B if Vodafone's European division was split off (from Africa, Middle East and Asia Pacific) and merged with Liberty's in an equity-funded JV.But splitting a business costs as well, and Liberty would probably require operational control to go along. And regulatory issues could be onerous, particularly country by country as different units might combine for market dominance in some areas.Over the same time frame since Malone called a potential combo "a great fit" and reignited speculation, Liberty Global (LBTYA) is up 7.9%.Previously: Vodafone stakeholders: More open to Liberty tie-up (May 28 2015)Previously: Vodafone jumps on Malone comments (May 20 2015)Previously: Liberty's Malone: Combo with Vodafone would be 'great fit' (May 19 2015) Jun. 2, 2015, 1:59 PM | 2 Comments
Deutsche Telekom leads spending in German spectrum auction
A multi-band spectrum auction ongoing in Germany is drawing heaviest bids from Deutsche Telekom (OTCQX:DTEGY) so far, with the former monopoly assembling bids close to €761.9M.The auction overall has gotten a total of €1.95B after round 32. Deutsche Telekom is bidding across all four bands offered -- 700 MHz, 900 MHz, 1.8 GHz and unpaired 1.5 GHz -- as is Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD), which has bid €656.9M. The other player, Telefonica Deutschland (NYSE:TEF), is skipping the 1.5 GHz sale and has bid €534.9M.The stakes are higher than usual at this auction, the first in Europe to sell off the low-frequency 700 MHz band, useful for beaming to rural/industrial areas. It's been in use by terrestrial TV but is being freed up for mobile use and has drawn €450M in bids; winners will be obligated to cover 98% of the population with a minimum speed at the household level of 10 MBps.The 900 MHz band is more popular, with €715.6M in bids. May 30, 2015, 3:41 PM | 1 Comment
Vodafone sells Bharti Airtel stake for $200M
Vodafone (VOD +1.4%) confirms that, as ordered by regulators, it has sold its 4.2% stake in Bharti Airtel (OTC:BHRQY) for $200M -- to Bharti Enterprises (Holding) Private Limited.A new license regime prohibits cross-holdings between rival companies in the same service area.Vodafone had bought a 10% stake in Bharti Airtel 10 years ago, and the stake was diluted in 2007 as it directly entered India's market. May 28, 2015, 6:14 PM
Vodafone stakeholders: More open to Liberty tie-up
The "great fit" that John Malone spoke of last week between Liberty Global (NASDAQ:LBTYA) and Vodafone (VOD +1.1%) is being echoed by key Vodafone investors -- now that they feel like they're in a stronger position for a more equal deal.Some of the telecom's biggest investors have signaled openness to a deal, with one top shareholder saying "There is a strategic rationale to the combination of the assets."Shares in Vodafone reached a 14-year high this week after the Liberty chairman's comments re-opened the door to merger speculation.Analysts figure a deal between the two could bring gross synergies of £16B.It likely comes down to the power balance: "Liberty are still fractionally more in the driving seat but the deal makes strategic sense for both parties ... For the perfect quad play, they need Vodafone as much as Vodafone needs them," said another top shareholder.Liberty A shares (LBTYA) and C shares (NASDAQ:LBTYK) are down 1.9% today; B shares (NASDAQ:LBTYB) are up 0.5%. May 28, 2015, 2:50 PM | 1 Comment
Vodafone up as Goldman says it may be an asset seller
Vodafone ADRs (NASDAQ:VOD) are up 1.7% (and shares up 4.4% in London) as Goldman Sachs reports after meeting with company management that Vodafone may sell some assets.With Vodafone moving up this week (ADRs +7.4% since Tuesday) on John Malone's comments that his Liberty Global (LBTYA +2.4%) and Vodafone could be a "great fit," Goldman's Tim Boddy says Vodafone "is willing to consider both acquisitions and disposals where the financial rationale makes sense" and "may be more likely a seller than a buyer of assets."He attributed that to Liberty's preference for tax efficiency vs. Vodafone's preference for dividends -- part of stylistic differences that Malone himself alluded to: "Their philosophy is low leverage, low risk and high cash payout to their shareholders. I prefer to grow equity value." May 22, 2015, 10:18 AM | 4 Comments
Vodafone jumps on Malone comments
Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) shares jumped over 4% in London today after John Malone, chairman of cable group Liberty Global (NASDAQ:LBTYA), opened the door to a long mooted merger of the two groups.Malone called the combination a "great fit" and cited "very substantial synergies if we could find a way to work together or combine the companies with respect to western Europe."A tie-up would create a telecom behemoth, between Liberty's $45B in market value and Vodafone's $93B.Previously: Liberty's Malone: Combo with Vodafone would be 'great fit' (May. 19 2015) May 20, 2015, 6:23 AM
Liberty's Malone: Combo with Vodafone would be 'great fit'
Liberty Global (NASDAQ:LBTYA) rose into today's close, +2.3%, as telecom titan John Malone says a combination of his firm and Vodafone (VOD -0.9%) would be a "great fit" with "very substantial synergies if we could find a way to work together or combine the companies with respect to Western Europe."Malone was making his first public comments on a combination in an interview with Bloomberg, though he wouldn't comment on whether the companies were talking. A tie-up would create a telecom behemoth, between Liberty's $45B in market value and Vodafone's $93B.Citigroup has said a stock-based combination could generate synergies of £1.4B/year in free cash flow. But Malone is aware of philosophical differences in approach: “Their philosophy is low leverage, low risk and high cash payout to their shareholders. I prefer to grow equity value.”Liberty has been acquisitive in Europe and is also seeking targets in faster-growing South America, and Mexico -- a market Malone considers most attractive.Previously: Vodafone -3.8% following signs of life in FQ4 earnings (May. 19 2015) May 19, 2015, 6:08 PM | 4 Comments
Vodafone -3.8% following signs of life in FQ4 earnings
Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) is 3.8% lower in early U.S. trade, trailing its decline in London, after an earnings report that was encouraging for its revenue trends as well as solid growth in EBITDA despite fierce competition in its markets.Revenue grew for the first time in 11 quarters (boosted by results in the Middle East, Africa, and Asia Pacific) and the company forecast full-year core earnings growth (to £11.5B-£12B) after seven years of declines.Profit of £5.76B declined substantially but it was compared against a year-ago quarter when the company got a one-time contribution of £48.2B from selling its share of its JV with Verizon.The company had slightly more subscribers at quarter's end, totaling 445.8M mobile subscribers and 12M fixed-line (up from 11.8M).Citigroup analysts called the results in line -- "We see the positives as probably not quite positive enough to keep the stock moving up today."After earnings, Vodafone renewed its call on regulators to clamp down on BT Group's acquisition of EE, and for deal concessions to "avoid the re-creation of a giant, dominating company." May 19, 2015, 10:14 AM | 2 Comments
Vodafone posts small return to growth but profit falls
Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) posted a rise in its quarterly sales measurement for the first time in nearly three years this morning, although the company's earnings remained under pressure. Net profit in the year to March 31 fell to £5.76B, from £59.3B a year ago.Heavy competition has hit Vodafone both abroad and in its home market, where it is the No. 3 mobile carrier. In the U.K., BT and EE recently agreed to combine, while O2 and Hutchison Whampoa decided to merge their mobile networks.Vodafone shares are down 2.7% in London. May 19, 2015, 3:59 AM | 2 Comments
Vodafone: Too little, too late on infrastructure projects?
Halfway through a massive investment in its network infrastructure, Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) may have found the European market shifting around it, leaving it to play catch-up to rivals, Thao Hua notes.The company's £19B ($29B) "Project Spring" plan -- in part funded by selling its stake in Verizon Wireless -- aims to shore up fiber infrastructure in Europe and developing countries. But while it's spent years building Europe's largest mobile network, rivals like Orange (NYSE:ORAN) and Telefonica (NYSE:TEF) have outpaced it in bundling mobile with fixed-line telecom, Internet and TV.Raymond James notes a combination with Liberty Global (NASDAQ:LBTYA) would scale up fixed-line assets in Europe -- including the U.K., where Vodafone faces two competitors getting bigger through merger (BT-EE; O2-Hutchison Whampoa) -- but Vodafone is scrambling to digest the acquisitions it's already made.Revenues have been slipping and competitive pressure means the payoff for investors may be getting further away. Apr. 27, 2015, 11:18 AM | 5 Comments
Vodafone starts talks to buy Cabovisao from Altice
After weeks of speculation, Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) has reportedly started early talks on a bid for Portugal cable operator Cabovisao, which owner Altice (OTC:ATCEY) must sell (along with Oni) in order to get an OK to take over Portugal Telecom.The talks kick off a process that should last through the summer. The EU has approved Altice's deal with Portugal Telecom conditional on its sales of the Portuguese businesses.The arrangement was shaped by the EC's concerns about ensuring consumers didn't face higher prices and lower competition through the deals. Apr. 21, 2015, 10:04 AM
Infonetics: Nearly 1B fixed broadband subscribers by 2019
In a new report on fiber, DSL and cable broadband subscribers, Infonetics Research projects that consumers are driving global fixed broadband adoption toward a 5% compound annual growth rate through 2019, from a current base of 733M (up 8% last year).Global growth will lead the way, the firm says, especially in China (Asia Pacific has 50% of the world's fixed broadband subscribers, and China Telecom (NYSE:CHA) is the worldwide share leader) -- as well as Russia, Brazil, Mexico, Arrgentina, Indonesia, Thailand and Vietnam.Other insights: DSL's still the biggest technology, but growth is coming via fiber-to-the-home and DOCSIS 3.0 cable; and FTTH subscribers grew 22% last year to cross the 100M-subscriber line.U.S.-traded players in the firm's report: T, BT, CHA, CHU, CHT, CMCSA, OTCQX:DTEGY, OTCPK:KDDIY, KT, NTT, ORAN, OTCQX:ROSYY, TI, TEF, OTCPK:TELNY, OTCPK:TLSNY, OTC:TMXLF, OTCPK:TLSYY, TWC, OTC:TRKNY, VZ, VIP, VOD Apr. 9, 2015, 10:00 PM | 3 Comments
Vodafone, Visa enabling bank cards in mobile wallet system
Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) is adding customer credit cards to its mobile wallet, via deals with service providers Visa (NYSE:V) and Carta Worldwide.The agreements will allow Vodafone customers to add their credit card details on their mobile phone's SIM card and enable contactless payment (via near-field communications) using the cards.Previously, customers had to use Vodafone's own prepaid account for such payments.Vodafone's wallet is available in Spain, Germany, the Netherlands, the UK and Italy and the new card system will be available from Q2. The company declined to make many forecasts about a business with low penetration where key competitors like Apple are just beginning their own forays. Mar. 30, 2015, 1:16 PM
Companies bet on India wireless with $17.6B spectrum auction
Companies made key bets on India's wireless phone industry this week -- and Idea Cellular made the biggest of all -- in a spectrum auction that drew $17.6B overall.Idea -- India's No. 3 wireless carrier -- spent the most among carriers, with 300B rupees ($4.8B) in bids across three different bands (900 MHz, 1800 MHz and 2.1 GHz).Bharti Airtel (291B rupees, or $4.65B) and Vodafone (VOD; 259.6B rupees, or $4.15B) spent nearly as much. The three dominated the auction bidding due to license renewals they had to accomplish before a December expiration. Overall, bidders focused on 4G bandwidth in order to grow more high-speed services.The size of the auction raised eyebrows, and Idea said it would take advantage of a government-offered deferred payment.In a reflection of the recent U.S. wireless auction, Bharti Airtel complained about the auction format: "We hope that in future auctions, the government will make available adequate spectrum by securing it from agencies and operators who are underutilizing this vital resource," said the company's regional CEO Gopal Vittal.Profitability is on the rise among Indian carriers, with 120M smartphone users in country and sliding handset prices expected to fuel further subscriber growth. Mar. 27, 2015, 7:34 PM
FT: Hutchison close to sealing £10.5B O2 purchase
The long road to Hutchison Whampoa's (OTCPK:HUWHY) £10.5B ($15.7B) purchase of British wireless firm O2 (NYSE:TEF) is close to its end, and a deal could be announced Tuesday morning, the Financial Times reports.A merger of O2 with Hutchison's Three will turn UK mobile into a three-party race, divided between the new entity, Vodafone and leader EE. It'll draw regulatory attention, but similar European deals have been approved in other countries.Hutchison is likely to get outside financing help, selling about 30% of the group to investors, possibly from Qatar, Singapore or Canada.Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) -- which raised competitive concerns about BT Group's acquisition of EE -- will also express concern about this tie-up, as it has a network-sharing agreement with O2.Previously: BT wraps £12.5B deal to buy Britain's largest mobile firm (Feb. 04 2015)Previously: FT: Telefonica set to sell O2 to Hutchison for $15B+ (updated) (Jan. 22 2015) Mar. 23, 2015, 7:06 PM
Bloomberg: Vodafone near deal to buy stake in Italy's Metroweb
Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) has signed a letter of intent with investor F2i to buy a stake in Italian fiber network owner Metroweb Italia, Bloomberg reports. F2i currently owns 54% of Metroweb, whose metro and long-haul fiber services reach the northern cities of Milan, Genoa, and Bologna.No financial details are mentioned in the LOI, but two sources state Vodafone might fund a capital increase of as much as €500M ($532M) in Metroweb unit Metroweb Sviluppo Srl.The investment would further Vodafone's multi-year effort to offer (through a mixture of acquisitions, investments, and partnerships) mobile/wireline service bundles throughout the EU. It would also bolster an Italian unit that has seen sales fall sharply amid tough price competition and the cannibalization of voice/SMS services by Web-based offerings.Telecom Italia (NYSE:TI) reportedly held talks to buy a stake in Metroweb earlier this year, only to see them break down over disagreements about Metroweb's ownership structure. Bloomberg's report comes as Hutchison goes after fellow Italian carrier Wind (owned by VimpelCom). Mar. 19, 2015, 4:21 PM
Italy deal key to Hutchison Whampoa's European telecom hopes
Hutchison Whampoa's (OTCPK:HUWHY) been doing its level best to consolidate European telecoms -- by itself if need be -- but very lengthy talks over acquiring VimpelCom's (NASDAQ:VIP) Italian unit Wind Telecomunicazioni are key to cementing its foothold in the continent.Hutchison's 3 Italia is the smallest player of Italy's four, with Wind being the third-largest. If the two (finally) merge, they'd have about a third of the market, roughly equal to that of leader Telecom Italia (NYSE:TI) and Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD).Hong Kong-based Hutchison is pushing a $15B takeover of British firm O2 from Telefonica, and has already acquired Orange Austria and O2 Ireland.Talks between Hutchison and Wind have been going on for over a year, but in the meantime, Wind's lost customers and gained debt (its net debt is now nearly 5x 2014 EBITDA).Previously: FT: VimpelCom, Hutchison again close to closure on Italy merger (Mar. 10 2015)Previously: VimpelCom, Hutchison reportedly closer to merging Italy operations (Feb. 17 2015) Mar. 13, 2015, 5:29 PM
FT: VimpelCom, Hutchison again close to closure on Italy merger
It's a headline you've heard a few times before, but VimpelCom (VIP +1.7%) and Hutchison Whampoa (OTCPK:HUWHY -1.2%) are in the advanced stages of merging their Italian units, the Financial Times reports.For more than a year, the two firms have been discussing how to merge VimpelCom's Wind Telecomunicazioni and Hutchison's Three Italia, the third- and fourth-largest of four competitors in Italy. But a breakthrough may mean Hutchison might get a 51% share of the combination and finally bring it to closure.Sound familiar? In a four-competitor market, the smallest two have launched a damaging price war that's pressured everyone in the market. If the two merge, they'd have about a third of the space, roughly equal to that of Telecom Italia (TI -3.4%) and of Vodafone (VOD -1.7%).Previously: VimpelCom, Hutchison reportedly closer to merging Italy operations (Feb. 17 2015) Mar. 10, 2015, 9:10 PM
Dropbox, Vodafone partner on international market
Dropbox and Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) have made a deal to bring Dropbox's file storage to the wireless carrier's customers -- a key market for Dropbox, who get 70% of its users and about half its revenue outside the U.S.With more than 440M subscribers as of year-end, Vodafone can provide a boost to Dropbox, which currently sports more than 300M users. Eventually, the carrier's Android phones will come pre-installed with Dropbox. For its part, aside from any payment considerations, Vodafone can offer its users 25 free GB of storage.Terms of the deal were undisclosed, though Dropbox's Marc Leibowitz says it's not just a "pay for play."The rollout is scheduled to happen for most Vodafone customers by the end of 2015.Vodafone Q4 earnings Feb. 27, 2015, 6:21 PM | 1 Comment
U.K. wireless firms looking at broad license fee hike
U.K. mobile firms are likely looking at a license fee increase as regulator Ofcom follows its government mandate to ensure spectrum fees reflect market value.EE (ORAN, OTCQX:DTEGY) -- on its way to becoming part of BT Group (NYSE:BT) -- Three (OTCPK:HUWHY), O2 (NYSE:TEF) and Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) could see fees for the 900 MHz and 1800 MHz bands rising to a total £223.3M/year ($345.5M/year) -- up from the combined £64.4M/year they pay now.Considering proportional increases, EE might see its current £24.9M/year rise to £75.6M.Related mobile stocks were up today, with the exception of Vodafone, which saw a downgrade from Bank of America: ORAN +1.7%; OTCQX:DTEGY +1.9%; TEF +1.4%; OTCPK:HUWHY +0.3%; VOD -3.3%.Previously: Vodafone lower after BofA downgrade (Feb. 24 2015) Feb. 24, 2015, 8:02 PM | 1 Comment
Vodafone lower after BofA downgrade
Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) ADRs are trading 3.4% lower in the wake of a downgrade by Bank of America, to Underperform from Neutral.That's despite a reiteration today by JPMorgan Chase of its Overweight rating, and its price target on London shares of £265/share. (Vodafone closed in London today at £226.52, -2.7%.)ADR shares are trading at $34.76 and are down 15.6% over the past year. Feb. 24, 2015, 3:00 PM | 2 Comments
Deutsche Telekom broadens high-speed plans in Germany
Deutsche Telekom (OTCQX:DTEGY) -- in a tussle over German customers with Unitymedia KabelBW (NASDAQ:LBTYA) and Kabel Deutschland (NASDAQ:VOD) -- is planning to offer fast Internet to another 5.9M homes.The move to expand its VDSL network there means raising the bar on Deutsche Telekom's 2018 plans -- to have 80% of homes connected to fast Internet, up from 65%.Kabel Deutschland owner Vodafone has been focusing on broadband as it plays catch-up on bundling, and it's a frequent subject of chatter as a Liberty Global buyout partner. Feb. 20, 2015, 9:23 AM | 1 Comment
Paulson closes out near-$1B Vodafone stake
In more details from 13Fs: John Paulson's Paulson & Co. closed its entire stake in Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) by Dec. 31.Paulson had a stake of 26.7M shares ($927.6M at today's price), which made up 3.65% of the fund's portfolio.The fund did add nearly 320K shares to its T-Mobile (NYSE:TMUS) stake.Paulson also added to stakes in Time Warner Cable (NYSE:TWC), boosting that stake by 18%, and DirecTV (NASDAQ:DTV), adding 9% to that stake.VOD shares are down 2.1% today, and are now up just 1.6% YTD. Feb. 18, 2015, 11:14 AM
EE commits £1.5B to three-year mobile network enhancement
Top British wireless firm EE -- which has agreed to a $19B takeover by BT Group (NYSE:BT) -- is committing to a £1.5B (about $2.3B) investment in its 4G network, with particular emphasis resting on rural UK upgrades -- which never hurt when it comes to regulatory approvals.The company expects its 4G footprint to surpass its 2G footprint by 2017 and reach 99% of the populace. The rural investments are targeting voice/data enhancements for 90% of UK geography.Competitor Vodafone (VOD +1.8%) was already under pressure, behind on an entry to UK's broadband market, but its network was freshly rated inferior to EE's, increasing the heat for continued investment.RootMetrics called Vodafone's and O2's speeds "much slower" outside metro areas.Previously: EE tops network mobile tests in UK; Three close behind (Feb. 11 2015)Previously: BT Group up 6.2% as it seals $19B EE purchase (Feb. 05 2015) Feb. 12, 2015, 3:01 PM | 1 Comment
EE tops network mobile tests in UK; Three close behind
Data firm RootMetrics recently pronounced AT&T and T-Mobile tops in U.S. network testing, but for the UK, it's EE and Three beating out O2 (TEF -1.8%) and lastly Vodafone (VOD -0.6%).EE ((ORAN -1%), (OTCQX:DTEGY -1.2%)) -- freshly headed into a takeover by BT Group (BT +1.7%) -- was first in five of six categories and tied with Three in the sixth (network reliability).Three (owned by Hutchison Whampoa, which is pursuing a takeover of O2) was a close second to EE and its strong showing in network speed was impressive considering its 4G footprint isn't as broad as that of competitors.Overall: "The networks are getting better, period. We saw improvements across the board in speed, mobile internet performance, and network reliability."Previously: BT Group up 6.2% as it seals $19B EE purchase (Feb. 05 2015)Previously: FT: Telefonica set to sell O2 to Hutchison for $15B+ (updated) (Jan. 22 2015) Feb. 11, 2015, 3:36 PM
BT Group up 6.2% as it seals $19B EE purchase deal
BT Group (NYSE:BT) running fast at +6.2% today in the wake of news of its agreement to buy EE for £12.5 billion ($18.98 billion) in cash and stock.The combo of the country's biggest fixed-line telecom and biggest mobile operator allows for bundle sales of communications services, and gets BT more than 30M customers (24.5M direct mobile, 834K broadband) not to mention a phalanx of 580 retail stores.The UK has been slow to offer customers "quad" bundles of fixed telephony, mobile, broadband and TV -- but it's getting there.BT expects the deal will pass regulatory muster and go through by the end of its fiscal 2016.Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD), playing catch-up in the UK broadband market, will still press for heavier regulation of a BT-EE combination that will have significant market share. “The important thing is that the regulator has an eye [on] how the new, large BT continues to grant access to their network,” said Vodafone CEO Vittorio Colao. Feb. 5, 2015, 9:54 AM
Vodafone beats revenue forecasts
A steady recovery in Europe helped Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) stem the rate of sales decline in its third quarter, as revenue rose 13.5% to £10.88B, beating market forecasts of £10.4B.Group service revenue, a key metric based on telecom-services sales, fell 0.4% excluding acquisitions and disposals, and on a constant currency basis. That compares with a 4.8% decline in the same period last year.Vodafone also reiterated its fiscal-year guidance of adjusted operating profit of £11.6B-£11.9B.VOD +1.2% premarket Feb. 5, 2015, 4:22 AM | 2 Comments
BT wraps £12.5B deal to buy Britain's largest mobile firm
BT Group (NYSE:BT) has reportedly put the finishing touches on its £12.5B purchase of EE, the UK's largest mobile operator.EE's joint-venture partners each get their piece of the deal: Deutsche Telekom (OTCQX:DTEGY) will get a board slot and 12% stake in BT, and Orange SA (NYSE:ORAN) gets more cash and a 4% BT stake.The pressure's now on Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD), who recently abandoned an effort to get BT broken up and now must try a square-one entry into the British broadband market even as competitors are consolidating (Hutchison Whampoa plans a £10.25B buyout of O2).Vodafone will likely pursue forcing the now-giant BT/EE to sell spectrum. “Whatever the regulatory approach it is crucially important that all providers must be able to compete effectively with a combined BT-EE," says a Vodafone spokesman.Previously: BT Group profits up; pensions weighing on firm (Jan. 30 2015) Feb. 4, 2015, 9:36 PM
Elephant Talk taps new mobile co-presidents
In an SEC filing, Elephant Talk (NYSEMKT:ETAK) notes the resignation of Floris van den Broek as VP of Mobile Platform Activities, and names two co-presidents to the role: current CTO Martin Zuurbier and Armin Hessler.Zuurbier gives up his other role as COO; Hessler joins the firm from Vodafone's (NASDAQ:VOD) data-center unit.The moves are effective April 1. Jan. 29, 2015, 6:44 PM
FT: Telefonica set to sell O2 to Hutchison for $15B+ (updated)
The FT reports Telefonica (NYSE:TEF) is "poised to agree a cash deal of more than £10bn ($15B)" to sell British mobile carrier O2 to Hutchison Whampoa, owner of rival carrier Three. A deal could be announced "as early as Friday morning."The paper notes the deal would create the U.K.'s largest mobile carrier, claiming 31M+ subs and a 41% market share. EE, which BT is in talks to acquire from Orange (NYSE:ORAN) and Deutsche Telekom (OTCQX:DTEGY), claims a 32% share, and Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) a 24% share.U.K. telecom regulator is bound to closely scrutinize a sale, given its historical preference for wanting four mobile carriers and Three's history of aggressive pricing.Telefonica/Hutchison reportedly are looking to argue BT, which (like Vodafone) is looking to offer quad-play bundles, is "already changing the boundaries of how telecoms should be judged alongside TV and broadband services." The FT states regulators are likely to push for O2/Three to sell some of its spectrum for use by MVNOs such as TalkTalk, Tesco Mobile, and Virgin Media.TEF +0.6% AH. An O2 sale would further Telefonica's efforts to lower its huge debt load. The carrier's net debt stood at  €41.2B ($46.8B) as of September.Previously: Hutchison in talks for O2 mobile networkUpdate: Hutchison says it's in "exclusive talks" to buy O2 from Telefonica for over £10B. Telefonica has confirmed. Jan. 22, 2015, 5:20 PM
Deutsche Telekom to spend $27B on German network
Deutsche Telekom (OTCQX:DTEGY) earmarked €23.5B ($27B) in the next five years for its German landline and mobile networks, small cells and the digitalization of infrastructure, CEO Timotheus Hoettges said on Sunday.The spending puts pressure on Telefonica (NYSE:TEF) and Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD), whose CEO Vittorio Colao said in November that he wants to reduce outlays when he completes a £19B ($29B) global network upgrade program dubbed Project Spring next year. Jan. 19, 2015, 4:03 AM
Vodafone chief technology officer to retire
Vodafone’s (NASDAQ:VOD) long-standing CTO is planning to retire in the summer after eight years at the group.The British telecom operator is looking to replace Steve Pusey with Ericsson's executive vice president of networks Johan Wibergh. Jan. 15, 2015, 6:51 AM
European tech and telecom stocks sell off
With Greece and oil-related fears once more taking a toll, The Euro Stoxx 50 is down 2.1%, and many continental indices posting ~2% declines. U.S.-traded European tech and telecom names are performing much the same way.Tech decliners: NOK -4.2%. ALU -3.3%. SAP -2.9%. STM -2%.Telecom decliners: VOD -2.4%. TEF -4%. ORAN -3.6%. TI -2.2%. PT -6%. Jan. 5, 2015, 9:57 AM | 23 Comments
Vodafone re-entering U.S. as a T-Mobile MVNO
Less than a year after unloading its 45% Verizon Wireless stake for $130B, Vodafone (VOD -3.1%) says it will re-enter the U.S. mobile market as an MVNO leveraging T-Mobile's (TMUS -0.4%) network. A launch is expected in "late autumn 2015."The service will be aimed at the 400 U.S.-based multinationals Vodafone already counts as clients, as well as the 500 foreign multinational clients that "have a strong U.S. presence."The choice of T-Mobile as a partner will likely raise some eyebrows among Vodafone clients, given the "Un-carrier" has a much smaller corporate customer base than Verizon and AT&T. T-Mobile's penchant for aggressive pricing might have helped win Vodafone over. Dec. 12, 2014, 2:15 PM | 9 Comments
Vodafone +2.1% on Goldman upgrade
Goldman says Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) should benefit from sector M&A as sector consolidation should temper deflationary risks.Upgrades shares to Buy from Neutral.Raises price target 17% to 280p (25% upside vs. yesterday's close).Previously: Vodafone downplays odds of Liberty deal (Dec. 3) Dec. 5, 2014, 3:25 AM | 1 Comment
Reuters: Vodafone downplays odds of Liberty deal
During a meeting with analysts and investors, Vodafone (VOD -1%) tried to "calm fears" it could push for a merger with Liberty Global (LBTYA -1.1%), Reuters reports after talking with some of those present.Analyst Nick Delfas, one of the attendees: "Vodafone is highly rational about M&A and does not need to do anything. We don't think they would look at Sky or TalkTalk either." He adds some of Liberty's assets might not appeal to Vodafone.Bloomberg reported last week Vodafone is exploring a merger with Liberty, as it pushes ahead with its efforts to offer triple and quad-play packages to consumers in the U.K. and other European markets. Dec. 3, 2014, 1:59 PM | 1 Comment
Vodafone reportedly close to buying U.K. VOD service
The Telegraph reports Vodafone (VOD -2.4%) is looking to buy U.K. retailer Tesco's Blinkbox VOD streaming service. A source states a deal is close, and that Vodafone isn't expected to pay much for the business.Blinkbox, which charges a per-rental fee, has faced competition from both rival VOD services and Netflix/Amazon's subscription streaming offerings. It lost  £18.5M during its most recent fiscal year.Blinkbox would strengthen Vodafone's nascent U.K. pay-TV and wireline broadband efforts. The Telegraph's report follows one from Bloomberg stating Vodafone is exploring a merger with cable giant Liberty Global. Liberty respectively claims 3.7M and 4.5M U.K. TV and broadband subs through its Virgin Media unit.
Dec. 1, 2014, 1:17 PM
More on Vodafone/Liberty
Sources tell Bloomberg Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) is "holding internal deliberations and analyzing the financial and regulatory hurdles as well as investor support for a share-based transaction" with Liberty Global (NASDAQ:LBTYA).However, they add no formal talks with Liberty are currently underway, and that "valuation and regulatory issues remain key obstacles."Liberty has a ~$38B market cap, and $40.1B in net debt. Vodafone is worth $95.1B, and has $34B in net debt. Vodafone closed up 2.5% (with the help of  a UBS upgrade), and Liberty closed up 7.4%.Prior coverage Nov. 28, 2014, 1:49 PM | 2 Comments
Bloomberg: Vodafone exploring tie-up with Liberty Global
Bloomberg reports Vodafone (VOD +2.6%) is exploring a "combination" with European cable giant Liberty Global (LBTYA +7.4%). Liberty has soared on the news.Liberty operates in 14 countries (12 in Europe), passes 52M homes, and claims 27M customers and trailing annual revenue of $20B. Vodafone has already acquired Spanish and German cable giants ONO and Kabel Deutschland, and has declared it wants to offer mobile/wireline bundles throughout Europe.Earlier: UBS upgrades Vodafone
Nov. 28, 2014, 1:07 PM | 2 Comments
Vodafone +2.5% on UBS upgrade
UBS has named Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) a Key Call Buy, and predicts the carrier will benefit from mobile data growth and improving German, Spanish, and Italian sales.Also: Consolidation in the U.K. mobile market now appears likely, with both BT and 3 U.K. owner Hutchison Whampoa expressing interest in buying either Telefonica's O2 or Orange/Deutsche Telekom's EE. Vodafone recently committed to offering bundles featuring mobile, wireline voice, broadband, and TV services to U.K. customers, as BT and EE make their own moves to offer the same. Nov. 28, 2014, 10:02 AM | 1 Comment
Vodafone to offer broadband/TV services in U.K.
Looking to keep U.K. mobile customers from signing up for BT and EE's triple-play packages, Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) will launch wireline broadband and pay-TV services in its home market, CEO Vittorio Colao disclosed on today's FQ2 CC.Vodafone already offers triple-play packages in many European markets - it's in the midst of digesting cable providers ONO and Kabel Deutschland - and has set a goal of offering them across the continent through a mixture of internal investments, acquisitions, and partnerships. The U.K. effort will be enabled by the Cable & Wireless acquisition, as well as BT's infrastructure.Shares finished up 5.4% today in response to Vodafone's FQ2 revenue beat and FY15 EBITDA guidance hike. Over the first half of FY15, Vodafone's U.K. and total European service revenue has respectively fallen 3.1% and 6.5% Y/Y on an organic basis. European mobile service revenue fell 7.3%, and wireline service revenue 2.5%. Nov. 11, 2014, 6:06 PM
Premarket Gainers / Losers
Gainers: QIWI +12%. JRJC +12%. THLD +9%. LITB +8%. PT +7%. VOD +6%. RAX +6%. ZNGA +5%.Losers: VSLR -11%. CODI -7%. PHMD -7%. MCEP -6%. SFM -6%. Nov. 11, 2014, 9:17 AM | 1 Comment
Vodafone beats and raises view, shares jump
Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) Q2 organic service revenue -1.5% vs. -2.8% expected and -4.2% in Q1.H1 revenue +8.9% to £20.8B.H1 EBITDA -10%* to £5.9B.Sees FY core earnings between £11.6B and £11.9B, vs. previous guidance of £11.4-11.9B.Shares +5.3% in London. Nov. 11, 2014, 4:33 AM
Vodafone probing possible tax fraud at Ono
Vodafone (VOD -1.2%) has "instigated a forensic audit to investigate the facts relating to the alleged fraud" at Spanish cable giant Ono, which it acquired just a few months ago for $9.1B.Ono resellers reportedly failed to declare VAT collections related to international calling minute sales. Deloitte is heading the probe. Oct. 27, 2014, 12:30 PM
Vodafone reportedly has chance to up Vodacom stake
The South African government is weighing a sale of its 13.9% stake in Vodafone's (VOD -0.5%) African Vodacom unit, Bloomberg reports. Vodafone, hungry for acquisitions since receiving its Verizon Wireless windfall, currently has a 65% stake and is viewed as a potential buyer.Bloomberg adds the government's stake is valued at $2.3B. Vodacom had 68.4M subs (92.7% prepaid) spread out over various African markets at the end of June. Its organic service revenue was flat Y/Y in calendar Q2 thanks to South African termination fee cuts.Last year, Vodacom bought South African wireline carrier Neotel for R7B ($635M). Oct. 16, 2014, 4:02 PM | 1 Comment
European telcos fall hard amid fresh Greek woes
New worries about the health of Greece's troubled banks have contributed to a selloff in European markets, one that has taken a toll on the continent's debt-laden telcos. The ECB is reportedly mulling a funding package for Greek banks.Decliners: VOD -3.1%. TEF -4.2%. ORAN -4.5%. TI -6.5%. PT -3.9%. Oct. 16, 2014, 10:09 AM | 5 Comments
Vodafone scores $490M victory in Indian tax dispute
The Bombay High Court has ruled in Vodafone's (VOD -0.8%) favor in a long-running tax dispute with the Indian government. Authorities had been seeking INR30B ($490M) on account of the alleged under-pricing of shares by Vodafone's Indian unit in a rights offering to the parent company.Vodafone is still battling a $2B+ tax demand related to its '07 acquisition of Hutchison Whampoa's Indian mobile ops. The carrier had 166.6M Indian subs at the end of its June quarter, and spent $3B on Indian spectrum earlier this year.Earlier this week, Vodafone said it would invest another $1B to upgrade its Indian network and retail stores, as it relies on India and other emerging markets to offset declining European service revenue. India's low ARPU (currently around $3/month) remains a challenge. Oct. 10, 2014, 12:40 PM
Vodafone drops on Nomura downgrade
Nomura's James Britton has downgraded  Vodafone (VOD -2.8%) to Neutral, and lowered his target by 10p to 180p.Britton observes Vodafone trades at a slight forward EBITDA premium to peers (7x vs. 6.5x), and thinks competitive pressures could grow over the next 12 months.He forecasts new market entrants in the U.K., India, and the Netherlands, tougher competition from existing carriers in Germany, South Africa, and Turkey, and further cannibalization of voice revenue by data services among European business clients.U.S. shares are close to their 52-week low of $31.87. Oct. 9, 2014, 9:48 AM | 2 Comments
Swisscom considers Fastweb sale
Telecom operator Swisscom (OTCPK:SCMWY) is considering a sale of its Italian broadband firm Fastweb, which has been previously targeted by Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD).Swisscom acquired Fastweb for €4.2B in 2007, and has so far been unwilling to sell the company. The broadband company could be worth up to €5B ($6.3B) based on 2013 EBITDA of 620M Swiss francs.A source tells Reuters that while Vodafone is not currently in talks with Swisscom, it remains interested in a Fastweb acquisition. Oct. 8, 2014, 3:48 AM | 1 Comment
Fresh AT&T-Vodafone rumor emerges
Tech news site BSN, not historically a major source for telecom M&A rumors: "Sources close to both Vodafone (VOD +0.3%) and AT&T (T -0.7%) have said that executives from the two companies are laying the groundwork for a possible acquisition, merger or partnership ... AT&T is seen to take ownership of Vodafone and its various business units around the globe by first quarter of 2015."Vodafone has turned positive on the report; shares were previously down over 1%. AT&T/Vodafone rumors are, of course, nothing new. However, the DirecTV deal and AT&T's reported displeasure with Vodafone's wireline expansion efforts have led to a measure of investor skepticism about them.SoftBank has also been rumored to be a potential Vodafone suitor, given the company has abandoned (for now) its efforts to merge Sprint with T-Mobile, and is sitting on an Alibaba stake currently worth a pre-tax $70B. Sep. 23, 2014, 1:01 PM | 11 Comments
Vodafone buying 140 Phones4u U.K. stores
Vodafone (VOD +0.1%) is buying 140 stores from Phones4u, a U.K. phone retailer that was recently taken into administration. 900 former Phones4u employees will be hired along the way.As one would expect, the stores will be re-branded under Vodafone's name. Until this year, Phones4u had a partnership with Vodafone, as well as fellow U.K. carriers EE and O2.Vodafone's U.K. ops saw their service revenue fall 3.2% Y/Y in the June quarter to £1.47B, as enterprise, prepaid, and wireline declines offset postpaid growth. Sep. 19, 2014, 1:59 PM | 2 Comments
Vodafone unveils mobile payments service for U.K.
Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) is developing a new mobile payments service with Visa (NYSE:V) which will allow for contactless payments via SIM cards embedded with NFC technology. The new service will be catered to users in the U.K., having previously introduced similar services in Italy, Germany, Spain and the Netherlands.Customers will need to swap SIMs for NFC-enabled versions and have a compatible handset. The app will only be available on Android smartphones.Launching the service later this year, Vodafone will probably be beaten to the market by Apple, which is expected to integrate mobile payments into its new iPhone due to be unveiled this week.Usage will be restricted to payments below £25 for regulatory reasons, although the company hopes to introduce a PIN-protected way to make larger payments in the future. Sep. 7, 2014, 10:43 AM | 2 Comments
Vodafone catches bid on SoftBank speculation
The Nikkei speculates SoftBank (OTCPK:SFTBF) could make an offer for Vodafone (VOD +0.5%), given a Sprint/T-Mobile deal is off the table for now. Vodafone has turned positive after starting the day in the red.Though Sprint/T-Mobile has been shelved, SoftBank just raised $3.9B in debt, a move viewed by many as a precursor to fresh M&A activity. Moreover, SoftBank will soon have a chance to monetize its 34.1% Alibaba stake (could be worth over $60B pre-tax following the IPO).Nonetheless, Vodafone ($91B market cap) would be a very big fish for SoftBank ($87B market cap) to digest. This isn't the first time speculation about a deal between the carriers has emerged.Previous: Questionable Vodafone/AT&T rumor emergesUpdate (1:05PM ET): Shares have given back their gains, and are now down 0.6%. Sep. 2, 2014, 10:38 AM
Vodafone buying Greek ISP; questionable AT&T rumor emerges
Vodafone (VOD +1.3%) is paying €72.7M ($97M) to acquire a 72.7% stake in Greek broadband/phone service provider Hellas Online. The deal will bring Vodafone's total stake above 91%, and is expected to close in Q4.Hellas had 519K customers at the end of 2013, good for an estimated 11% local share. It had 2013 revenue of €227.4M, and EBITDA of €68.4M.The deal follows Vodafone's acquisitions of German cable provider Kabel Deutschland and Spanish cable provider ONO, as the carrier pushes ahead with its goal of offering mobile/wireline bundles (both by itself, and via partnerships) throughout Europe.Separately, The Daily Mail has passed on a rumor that AT&T's (NYSE:T) advisers are now "working around the clock on a cash bid worth more than £3 a share" for Vodafone.The rumor should be taken with a heavy dose of salt, given: 1) AT&T is currently preoccupied with closing the DirecTV acquisition. 2) It implies AT&T would be paying a 46% premium to Vodafone's current London trading price, and valuing the company at ~$130B. 3) AT&T, which has a $179B market cap and $84B in debt, would be very hard-pressed to finance a ~$130B deal solely with cash.A 6-month prohibition on an AT&T bid for Vodafone ended in July. However, AT&T CEO Randall Stephenson stated in March "the window may be closing" for his company to acquire European wireless assets, and is reportedly unhappy with Vodafone's wireline expansion efforts. Aug. 22, 2014, 10:03 AM | 4 Comments
Report: Vodafone mulling acquisition of Brazilian carrier TIM
Brazilian paper O Estado de S. Paulo reports Vodafone (VOD -0.8%) is mulling an acquisition of TIM Participacoes (TSU -0.5%), Telecom Italia's (TI -0.1%) Brazilian mobile/wireline unit.The paper states Vodafone, hungry to expand after receiving its Verizon Wireless windfall, would prefer to enter Brazil by taking a majority stake in one of the country's 3 top mobile carriers - giants Telefonica and America Movil control the other two - rather than by participating in an upcoming 4G spectrum auction.TIM is estimated to have 26.9% of the Brazilian market, Telefonica's Vivo 28.7%, and America Movil's Claro 24.9%.TI's own M&A plans could stand in the way of a Vodafone offer: The Italian carrier is reportedly weighing a bid to acquire Brazilian wireline carrier GVT, with the goal of trumping an existing offer from Telefonica and merging GVT with TIM. Aug. 20, 2014, 2:33 PM
Vodafone gains after FQ1 report; Asia grows, Europe declines
On an organic basis (backs out forex and M&A), Vodafone's (VOD +2.6%) service revenue fell 4.2% Y/Y in FQ1 to £9.45B ($16.01B), a slightly bigger decline than FQ4's 3.8%.European service revenue fell 7.9%, while all other markets grew 4.7%. However, the latter was down double-digits if forex is accounted for; weak Indian, Turkish, and South African currencies were responsible.Vodafone's European mobile sub base fell by 1.77M to 127.1M - 878K subs were lost in Italy, 366K in Germany, and 236K in Spain. 80K were added in the U.K. With sub losses, declining voice/text revenue, and termination fee rate cuts taking a toll, service revenue fell 16.1% in Italy, 15.3% in Spain, 4.9% in Germany, and 3.2% in the U.K.Mobile subs in all other markets grew by 6.37M to 303.7M (166.6M in India). 3.3M subs were added in India, and 3M by the African Vodacom unit. Service revenue grew 10.3% in India, and was flat in Vodacom markets (hurt by South African termination fee cuts). Europe is still 68% of service revenue.£1.87B was spent on capex (£600M related to Project Spring), leading free cash flow to total -£582M. Net debt grew by £400M to £14.1B ($23.9B). Jul. 25, 2014, 11:02 AM | 2 Comments
Vodafone strikes fiber deal with PT, plans big Egyptian investments
Vodafone (VOD -0.8%) and Portugal Telecom (PT +4.3%) plan to "deploy and share" and fiber networks covering 900K Portuguese homes through a 25-year deal that begins in December.Vodafone, which has set an ambitious goal of offering mobile/wireline bundles throughout Europe (through a mixture of M&A, investments, and partnerships), notes the deal furthers its effort to provide fiber to 1.5M Portuguese homes by mid-2015. 1M+ homes are already covered.The company has previously said it's open to buying a Portuguese cable provider, as it continues battling with both PT and local cable leader Zon Multimedia.Meanwhile, Vodafone's Egyptian unit (55%-owned) says it plans to spend $1.3B over the next 3 years to strengthen its mobile network, and is still exploring the idea of offering wireline services. Last year, Vodafone said it would spend £1.5B ($2.5B) through FY16 on expanding 3G coverage in Asia-Pac and Africa, via Project Spring. Jul. 21, 2014, 2:13 PM
Vodafone's ONO purchase reportedly cleared; Macquarie upgrades
Reuters reports the EU is set to unconditionally approve Vodafone's (VOD +0.8%) $9.8B purchase of Spanish cable provider ONO. The EU previously set a July 2 deadline for its decision.Vodafone, which has 25% of a Spanish mobile market that has been seeing steady revenue declines, plans to use ONO to offer quadruple-play packages. The carrier bought German cable provider Kabel Deutschland for $14.2B last year as part of its effort to offer mobile/wireline bundles in big European markets.Shares are up moderately today, aided by an upgrade to Outperform from Macquarie. Jun. 25, 2014, 1:53 PM | 2 Comments
Amazon in talks with European carriers over smartphone
After reporting yesterday that AT&T will be the exclusive provider in the U.S. for its new smartphone, Amazon (AMZN) is now in talks to determine who will be its provider in Europe.The company has spoken to O2 (TEF) and Vodafone (VOD) in the U.K. If it chooses the latter, it would extend the two's relationship, as Vodafone provides the data plans shipped with the Kindle and the company's e-readers.Amazon is set to reveal the smartphone rumored to feature a 3D display at an event in Seattle later today. Jun. 18, 2014, 2:19 AM | 3 Comments
Vodafone to purchase Cobra Automotive Technologies for $197.5M
Vodafone (VOD) has announced it plans to buy Cobra Automotive Technologies for €145M ($197.5M).The acquisition will increase Vodafone's machine-to-machine capabilities, and provide a greater amount of services to automotive customers.The offer is still pending antitrust approvals, and is expected to complete in the third quarter of 2014. Jun. 16, 2014, 3:44 AM | 1 Comment
Vodafone divulges mass tapping of phones
Vodafone (VOD) says that phones on its network are tapped in some of the 29 countries where it operates. The company exposed that secret wires allow government agencies to listen to live conversations and record them on its global network.The company also states that customers have a right to privacy, but it still has to obey the laws of each country in which it operates. "Refusal to comply with a country's laws is not an option," says Vodafone. Jun. 6, 2014, 5:24 AM | 2 Comments
Samsung reveals smartphone using Tizen
Samsung (SSNLF) has announced its first commercial smartphone using the Tizen open-source platform. The Samsung Z featuring the new system will be available in Russia in the third quarter before expanding to other markets.Tizen is being developed with companies including Intel (INTC) and Vodafone (VOD).The new platform is revolutionary for Samsung, as the company is the world’s biggest maker of mobile devices using Google’s (GOOG, GOOGL) Android operating system.Previously, Tizen was only used on Samsung smartwatches. The watches went on sale in April. Jun. 2, 2014, 3:10 AM | 17 Comments
Sprint Chairman justifies possible T-Mobile acquisition
Sprint (S) Chairman Masayoshi Son reasons that the rise in telecom and cable mergers should allow his company to buy rival T-Mobile (TMUS). Three big mergers have taken place in recent months with Verizon (VZ) acquiring Vodafone (VOD) for $130B, Comcast (CMCSA) buying Time Warner Cable (TWC) for $45B, and the AT&T (T) purchase of DirecTV (DTV) for $49B."Access to the Internet is currently dominated by three giants with no sizable competitor," says Son.Although the company has not yet made a formal bid on T-Mobile, it looks to lay the framework for a future purchase.Antitrust authorities have previously frowned on such a deal, as it would cut the number of national competitors in the wireless industry to three from four. May 29, 2014, 4:15 AM | 9 Comments
Vodafone FY EBITDA falls 5.4%
Vodafone's (VOD) FY EBITDA dropped 5.4% to £12.8B as revenue slipped 1.9% to £43.6B, hurt by the carrier's exposure to sluggish European markets.Net profit attributable to shareholders soared to £59.25B from £413M a year earlier, boosted by the sale of Vodafone's 45% stake in Verizon Wireless for $130B, for which the British carrier received a one-off contribution of £48.2B.Adjusted operating profit dropped 37% to £7.67B, mainly due to a much lower contribution from Verizon Wireless before it was sold.In Q4, organic service revenue declined 3.8%, although that was slightly less than consensus of -3.9%.Expects FY 2015 EBITDA to drop to £11.4-11.9B."Our operational performance has been mixed," says CEO Vittorio Colao. While Vodafone's "emerging markets businesses have performed strongly," in Europe, the company continues "to face competitive, regulatory and macroeconomic pressures."Vodafone declared a final dividend of 7.47 pence a share, giving total dividends of 11 pence, up 8%. (PR) May 20, 2014, 3:20 AM | 3 Comments
After Hour Gainers / Losers
Top gainers, as of 5:15 p.m.: RNF +3.0%. QUIK +2.7%. VOD +1.7%. HOME +1.6%. INVN +1.5%.Top losers, as of 5:15 p.m.: SMCI -9.0%. ADSK -7.3%. BXE -2.9%. GTI -2.6%. MELI -2.5%. May 16, 2014, 5:37 PM | 1 Comment
Vodafone -1.5% AH on Goldman downgrade
Citing lower acquisition odds, Goldman has downgraded Vodafone (VOD) to Neutral.The downgrade comes amid widespread reports AT&T is closing in on a deal to acquire DirecTV, a move that (provided regulators sign off) would make it quite unlikely Ma Bell would bid for Vodafone.Yesterday: AT&T, Vodafone slide following DirecTV reports May 14, 2014, 7:53 PM | 20 Comments
AT&T, Vodafone slide following DirecTV reports
Bloomberg and WSJ reports suggesting AT&T (T -1.3%) is close to a mega-deal for DirecTV (DTV +0.7%) (possibly worth over $66B after factoring net debt) are leading investors to bet Ma Bell won't be interested in making a bid for Vodafone (VOD -2.2%), something the company has been frequently rumored to be interested in exploring.AT&T CEO Randall Stephenson has already said "the window may be closing" on acquiring European assets, and has suggested he isn't thrilled with Vodafone's efforts to grow its wireline footprint via M&A.For his part, Vodafone CEO Vittorio Colao has hinted he's open to a deal, but has also made it clear his company will continue its wireline expansion strategy in the interim.AT&T, which didn't sell off following prior DirecTV reports, is off moderately today, as the Street expresses some concern over the potential $100/share price tag mentioned in Bloomberg's report.DirecTV (DTV +0.7%), meanwhile, has pared its AH gains and is now only trading near $88. Worries about regulatory approval might be playing a role; a Bloomberg source states AT&T and DirecTV are expecting a 12-month regulatory process for the deal. May 13, 2014, 11:00 AM | 7 Comments
SFR, Vodafone set to unveil network-sharing partnership
French mobile operator SFR is poised to announce a network-sharing venture with Vodafone (VOD) in the coming days, CEO Jean-Yves Charlier has said.The partnership will cover several areas and will give SFR's professional clients access to Vodafone's network world-wide.News of the prospective collaboration comes after SFR's parent, Vivendi, agreed to sell the unit to cable operator Numericable Group. Apr. 20, 2014, 3:24 AM
Bloomberg: Netflix talking with Vodafone about free streaming promotion
Netflix (NFLX +3.6%) is in talks with Vodafone (VOD +1.1%) about a deal that would give the giant international carrier's subs "free access to Netflix content for a period of time," Bloomberg reports.Vodafone has majority ownership of networks in 15 European countries, including three Netflix markets - the U.K., Ireland, and the Netherlands. The company already has deals with Spotify and Sky Sports that provide free content access to new U.K. 4G subs.The report comes as AT&T tries to get Netflix and other streaming service providers to sign up for its Sponsored Data program, which allows content providers to subsidize customer data usage.Netflix, boosted by a morning Pac Crest upgrade, is trading near its session highs. Apr. 17, 2014, 1:03 PM | 6 Comments
Vodafone to buy 11% holding in Indian subsidiary for $1.48B
Vodafone (VOD) has agreed to acquire an 11% stake in its Indian unit held by partner Piramal Enterprises for 89B rupees ($1.48B).The transaction is part of Vodafone's plan to obtain 100% control of the subsidiary for a total of 101.41B rupees. The U.K. company owns 84.5% of Vodafone India directly and indirectly.Vodafone also intends to purchase the holding of another minority investor, businessman Analjit Singh. Apr. 10, 2014, 3:34 AM | 1 Comment
Vodafone ticks higher amid SoftBank rumors; Sprint, T-Mobile lower
With all signs suggesting U.S. regulators remain opposed to a Sprint/T-Mobile USA merger in spite of Masayoshi Son's PR campaign, rumors have emerged SoftBank (SFTBF) will turn its sights on acquiring Vodafone (VOD +0.9%) if its efforts to fuse the #3 and #4 U.S. carriers are thwarted.It's worth noting Vodafone ($96B market cap) would be much harder for SoftBank ($87B) to digest than T-Mobile ($26B). If it was to try, SoftBank would doubtlessly make use of its 37% stake in soon-to-be-public Alibaba (could have a $50B+ pre-tax value).Sprint (S -2.6%) and T-Mobile (TMUS -1.5%) are seeing moderate declines. Apr. 7, 2014, 10:45 AM | 3 Comments
Vodafone outlines £1B U.K. spending plan
Vodafone's (VOD) U.K. division intends to spend £1B ($1.66B) on networks and services this year, and create 1,400 jobs by opening 150 new stores. That would take Vodafone's total branded outlets in the country to over 500.The plan comes as Vodafone strengthens and expands its European operations following the sale of its 45% in Verizon Wireless for $130B. The strategy includes the acquisition of Spanish cable operator Ono for €7.2B ($10B). Apr. 3, 2014, 3:25 AM | 4 Comments
Vodafone open to Portuguese cable acquisition
Less than two weeks after sealing a €7B deal to buy Spanish cable giant Ono, Vodafone (VOD -1.4%) CEO Vittorio Colao says he's open to a deal in neighboring Portugal. "If smaller cable companies were available for sale we would look at them ... If they are not available for sale, we’ll build fiber in their areas and then we will see.”Vodafone already offers IPTV services in Portugal to go with mobile offerings. It competes against TV services from Portugal Telecom (PT -0.9%) and cable leader Zon Multimedia, and is planning to bolster its position by rolling out fiber-to-the-home services to 1.5M households. France's Altice SA owns a smaller Portuguese cable provider.Vodafone has made it clear it plans to use some of its Verizon Wireless cash to grow its European wireline footprint via M&A and internal investments. Mar. 26, 2014, 6:14 PM | 2 Comments
EU votes to end roaming fees, set net neutrality rules
In spite of stiff protests from the region's carriers, an EU parliamentary committee has voted 30-12 (with 14 abstentions) in favor of ending mobile roaming fees (for voice, data, and SMS) by Dec. 15, 2015 for users traveling between EU countries. An exception exists for instances of "anomalous or abusive usage of retail roaming services."The committee has also backed creating net neutrality rules prohibiting carriers from blocking or slowing specific Internet services. The vote comes after the FCC said it would draft new U.S. net neutrality rules following a court ruling shooting down older ones.The loss of intra-continental roaming revenue stands to further pressure the bottom lines of European carriers, who have already been struggling to cope with slumping voice/SMS activity.One silver lining: The EU's roaming efforts are part of a broader push to create a common European telecom market, something likely to spur further consolidation.Affected carriers: VOD, ORAN, TEF, TI, DTEGY, BT Mar. 19, 2014, 11:26 AM
Vodafone reportedly comes to terms with Ono
Consolidation continues in Europe's fragmented telecom sector, with Vodafone (VOD) inking a deal to buy Spanish cable company Ono SA for just over €7B, reports the WSJ. The U.K. player will assume Ono's €3.34B in debt and pay the rest in cash to Ono's shareholders. The planned Ono IPO approved just last week will obviously be preempted.Vodafone has struggled competing with Spanish telecoms offering bundled packages of high-speed home Internet, pay-TV, and cell phone service, but the Ono purchase will give it a much-needed fixed line operation.From Friday: A Vodafone/Ono deal is near. Mar. 16, 2014, 8:45 PM | 1 Comment
Reuters: Vodafone could agree €7.2B deal for Ono today
Vodafone (VOD) is close to an agreement to acquire Grupo Corporativo ONO for €7.2B ($10B) including debt, Reuters reports, adding that while Ono's shareholders yesterday approved an IPO for the Spanish cable operator, they were holding out for a deal with the U.K. carrier.The sides are negotiating the final terms and could even reach a preliminary agreement today.Previous Mar. 14, 2014, 6:53 AM
Vodafone off sharply; FT highlights recent AT&T remarks
As European 4G investments ramp, "the window may be closing" on acquiring continental wireless assets, AT&T (T -0.4%) CEO Randall Stephenson stated last week at a Morgan Stanley conference (transcript). At the same time, he argued "there are still other opportunities" in Europe, such as those tied to the development of "global" SIM cards that can work with any type of device worldwide.Those remarks were highlighted by a weekend FT column declaring Stephenson had "poured more cold water." on hopes of an AT&T bid for Vodafone (VOD -4.2%). The AT&T chief has already been reported to have told investors further cable acquisitions by Vodafone would complicate a bid.Meanwhile, Vodafone CEO Vittorio Colao states recently-acquired Kabel Deutschland will act as the "core" of a wireline business in Germany and possibly other countries. He adds Vodafone's wireline ops will expand to include security, Web hosting, and entertainment services (previous).Colao was cryptic when asked about Vodafone's reported efforts to acquire Spanish cable giant ONO. "We'll see what happens." Mar. 10, 2014, 12:02 PM | 5 Comments
WSJ: ONO owners continue prepping for IPO as Vodafone seeks deal
Grupo Corporativo ONO's owners are moving forward with plans for an IPO, the WSJ reports, and are due to meet with analysts and candidates for independent directors today and tomorrow.The WSJ's article contrasts with a Reuters report on Friday which said that Vodafone (VOD) has agreed to a deal to acquire the Spanish cable operator.ONO's shareholders are due to hold an annual meeting on Thursday, when they could approve the IPO, which would effectively end any takeover talks.There's no word on the value of the IPO, although ONO's investors would reportedly want above €7B in any M&A.Liberty Global (LBTYA) has also been eying ONO.Previous Mar. 10, 2014, 3:01 AM | 3 Comments
Reuters: Vodafone ups offer for ONO, reaches preliminary deal
Sources tell Reuters (translation) Vodafone (VOD -2.8%) has raised its bid for Spanish cable giant ONO, and has reached a preliminary deal with ONO shareholders collectively possessing a controlling stake.No word on the specific offer price. Vodafone was previously reported to have made a rejected €7B ($9.6B) bid for ONO.One source states Vodafone plans to formally present its offer before ONO's board meets on March 13 to approve recently-announced plans to pursue an IPO.Vodafone is selling off on the report. A successful Vodafone bid for ONO, coming on the heels of its $14.2B Kabel Deutschland acquisition, could lower the odds AT&T (T +0.3%) will make an offer for the company once its 6-month waiting period ends. AT&T CEO Randall Stephenson has reportedly told investors further cable acquisitions by Vodafone would complicate a deal. Mar. 7, 2014, 11:19 AM | 1 Comment
Report: Vodafone resumes talks to acquire ONO
Sky News reports Vodafone (VOD +0.8%) has restarted talks to acquire Spanish cable giant ONO, and that a deal could be worth €7B ($9.6B).However, the talks are said to be "at a tentative stage," with Vodafone pessimistic about its ability to get ONO shareholders to call off a planned IPO. Bloomberg reported last month an ONO bid would need to be in the €7B-€8B range to win board approval.Vodafone appears intent on using some of its Verizon Wireless cash to grow its European wireline reach. AT&T isn't pleased. Mar. 4, 2014, 10:34 AM | 2 Comments
Google denies bidding for WhatsApp. Zuck meets with worried carriers.
Media reports that Google (GOOG +0.5%) made an offer to buy WhatsApp are "simply untrue," says Android/Chrome chief Sundar Pichai. Fortune had reported Google offered $10B for the mobile messaging leader, and others suggested Google was even willing to top Facebook's (FB +0.7%) $19B offer.Pichai's remarks come shortly after Mark Zuckerberg met with top mobile carrier execs, including Vodafone (VOD -1.3%) CEO Vittorio Colao and Orange (ORAN -3.6%) CEO Stephane Richard, to address concerns carriers are being reduced to "dumb pipes" as services such as Facebook and WhatsApp proliferate, and in doing so eat into voice/SMS revenue.Zuck is looking to enlist carriers such as Vodafone and Orange in its Internet.org initiative to provide free access to basic Web services in emerging markets. Colao recently said offering free Facebook access to Vodafone subs "does not make any sense" for the carrier.Meanwhile, WhatsApp rival Telegram has rocketed to the top of App Store charts in many countries since the Facebook deal went down, and WhatsApp saw a weekend outage. Telegram claims to offer better security than alternatives, and also features a Snapchat-like self-delete option for message threads.Though no WhatsApp rivals come close to matching the service's 465M MAUs and network effect, Telegram's growth highlights how rivals can quickly gain a following by leveraging phone contact book listings to connect users. Feb. 26, 2014, 1:25 PM | 18 Comments
Report: AT&T wants a mobile-focused Vodafone
Dow Jones reports AT&T (T -1%), long rumored to be weighing a bid for Vodafone (VOD -1.1%), isn't thrilled with Vodafone's efforts to grow its cable assets via M&A, and would prefer the company focus on mobile.Vodafone, which just closed the Verizon Wireless deal, has been eying European wireline carriers as part of an effort to offer an end-to-end suite of telecom services in EU markets.The company gobbled up German cable provider Kabel Deutschland last year for $14.2B, and reportedly made a failed bid this year for Spanish cable giant ONO. There have also been rumors Vodafone is open to a bid for U.K. satellite TV/broadband provider BSkyB.Last month, AT&T gave up the opportunity to bid on Vodafone for six months, but is still reportedly open to making an offer afterwards.Vodafone shares have ticked lower on the report. Feb. 25, 2014, 1:56 PM | 8 Comments
Premarket Gainers / Losers
Gainers: TQNT +23%. RFMD +17%. PTN +10%. GTAT +9%. JOSB +8%. SNTA +7%. PANW +7%. IFON +6%. KNDI +6%. SINA +6%. VOD +6%. AGEN +6%. ATHM +6%. CLSN +6%. FRO +5%.Losers: LOCK -7%. DDS -6%.
Feb. 24, 2014, 9:11 AM
Verizon/Vodafone deal closes. Vodafone to return $85B to shareholders.
Verizon (VZ -0.3%) has officially completed its $130B purchase of Vodafone's (VOD +0.5%) 45% stake in Verizon Wireless. As previously announced, Verizon is issuing 1.27B shares to Vodafone (current value of $61B), and paying for the rest of the deal in cash.Vodafone says it will return $23.9B of the cash to shareholders in addition to distributing the Verizon shares (previous), leading to a total return of $85B. All signs suggest the carrier will use a chunk of the remaining post-tax windfall to go acquisition-hunting.Verizon reiterates the deal will immediately be accretive to EPS by 10%. Over the long haul, it's expected to give Verizon more flexibility to integrate its wireline and mobile services, and to cut overhead by combining redundant divisions. Feb. 21, 2014, 11:20 AM | 20 Comments
Vodafone explains how it will dole out Verizon windfall
Vodafone (VOD) will divide up 1.27B Verizon Communications (VZ) shares to its investors as part of the distribution it's making following the $130B sale of its 45% stake in Verizon Wireless.Vodafone stockholders will receive 0.026 of a share in Verizon Communications for each Vodafone share they own.The U.K. carrier's shares are due to be consolidated on Monday at the rate of 6 new shares for 11 existing shares after the Verizon transaction closes on Friday.Based on closing stock prices and currency rates yesterday, for example, a Vodafone stockholder would receive £0.72 in Verizon shares and £0.30 in cash for each Vodafone share they hold. (PR) Feb. 19, 2014, 3:04 AM | 89 Comments
Vodafone spends $3B on Indian spectrum as tax dispute continues
Two months after spending $1.6B to buy out its Indian minority investors, Vodafone (VOD +0.4%)  is spending $3B (not all of it due right away) to acquire Indian spectrum in the rural/building-friendly 900MHz. band. Top rival Bharti Airtel is spending a similar amount.The spectrum can be used to offer 3G and 4G services, and covers the key cities of Mumbai, Delhi, and Kolkata. Vodafone CEO Vittorio Colao recently argued the relatively poor state of India's wireline telecom infrastructure will yield a larger mobile data opportunity.The purchase comes shortly after reports emerged that Vodafone's talks with the Indian government to resolve a $2B tax dispute have broken down. Feb. 13, 2014, 4:05 PM
ONO to start IPO process in rejection of Vodafone, Liberty
Grupo Corporativo ONO has confirmed that its board has approved a proposal for the Spanish cable operator to start the process for a €7B ($9.6B) IPO but that directors didn't discuss any buyout proposals.ONO has reportedly rejected offers from Vodafone (VOD) and Liberty Global (LBTYA).Previous Feb. 12, 2014, 4:06 AM
Report: ONO rejects Vodafone, Liberty offers, will pursue IPO
Spain's La Vanguardia reports local cable giant ONO has rejected buyout offers from Vodafone (VOD +0.5%) and Liberty Global (LBTYA +1.5%), and plans to pursue a 1H14 IPO.Vodafone, hungry to expand its European wireline footprint, was reported over the weekend to have made a formal offer for ONO. Bloomberg later reported a bid would need to be in the €7B-€8B ($9.5B-$10.9B) range to win board approval.Yesterday: Vodafone open to building conglomerate, has big M&A budget Feb. 11, 2014, 1:41 PM
Vodafone CEO open to building conglomerate, has big M&A budget
"If other opportunities arise to create a bigger—I would say the Unilever of telecom—a big company that has fixed mobile and possibly entertainment and enterprise services, then of course we'll go after them," says Vodafone (VOD) CEO Vittorio Colao during a CNBC talk. He adds Vodafone "might be looking at a number of places in emerging markets and in mature markets and consolidation opportunities."During a separate talk, Colao says Vodafone, flush with Verizon Wireless cash, might have $30B-$40B to spend on M&A in the coming years, assuming it maintains its 2:1 debt/EBITDA target ratio.The remarks come as a fresh report emerges of Vodafone's interest in Spanish cable provider ONO (previous). Colao suggests Vodafone, which bought German cable provider Kabel Deutschland last year, is keen on building its wireline footprint in Europe, and on expanding its mobile reach in emerging markets.Discussing India, Vodafone's biggest emerging market, Colao points out the country's relatively poor wireline infrastructure spells a larger opportunity for mobile data services. Feb. 10, 2014, 7:05 PM | 7 Comments
Report: Vodafone makes formal bid for Spain's ONO
Vodafone (VOD) has made a formal offer for Spanish cable operator Grupo Corporativo ONO, the Expansion newspaper reports.However, Reuters sources provide conflicting information: one says that talks are continuing, while two others say that no offer would be made.Vodafone is vying with Liberty Global (LBTYA) to acquire the firm, which has also been considering an IPO.Any deal for ONO, which one analyst says could be worth an estimated €6.4B ($8.7B) including debt, would add to Vodafone's acquisition of other cable providers in Europe such as Kabel Deutschland in Germany. Feb. 9, 2014, 1:11 AM
Vodafone FQ3 revenue falls but beats forecasts
Vodafone (VOD) FQ3 revenue dropped 3.6% to £10.98B but topped consensus of £10.86B ($17.91B) .Organic group service revenue -4.8%. In Europe, where Vodafone said conditions "are still difficult," sales dropped 9.6%, with Germany -7.9%, the U.K. -5.1% and Italy -16.6%. In Africa, Middle East & Asia Pacific, the figure rose 5.5%.Revenue was hurt by price competition in Germany and the U.K., as well as by weak southern European markets.However, the company said "the shift to 4G is gaining momentum," so it's optimistic that its "revenue performance will begin to improve."Vodafone reiterated its fiscal-year guidance for adjusted operating profit of £5B and free cash flow of £4.5-5B.The company didn't disclose profit figures.Shares are +1.5% in London. (PR) Feb. 6, 2014, 3:27 AM | 2 Comments
Bloomberg: AT&T still eying Vodafone
Though it recently gave up the opportunity to make a bid for Vodafone (VOD +1.9%) within the next six months, AT&T (T -1.6%) remains interested in a possible deal for the giant international carrier, sources tell Bloomberg.The news service adds AT&T's recent decision came after U.K. regulators demanded the company either deliver a formal bid for Vodafone within 28 days on account of ongoing reports, or walk away for six months. Ma Bell reportedly chose the latter in order to avoid "negotiating under such a tight deadline and because of the possibility of exemptions from the moratorium."Vodafone shares have caught a bid on the report, which comes a day after AT&T beat Q4 estimates, but also reported soft subscriber adds and forecast a ~19% 2014 free cash flow decline.
Jan. 29, 2014, 12:22 PM | 4 Comments
Vodafone shares plunge after AT&T says won't make offer
Vodafone's (VOD) shares have slumped 6.4% in London after AT&T (T) said it has no intention of making an offer for the U.K. telecom operator.AT&T made a statement to the London Stock Exchange in response to a request from the the U.K.'s Takeover Panel following much speculation that the U.S. provider was interested in Vodafone after the latter agreed to sell its 45% stake in Verizon Wireless to Verizon for $130B last year.The statement means that AT&T can't make an offer for Vodafone for the next six months unless the British company agrees to it, another firm makes a proposal, or the authorities decide that circumstances have changed materially. (PR) Jan. 27, 2014, 3:43 AM | 4 Comments
AT&T: No plans to bid for Vodafone; latter eyes Spain's ONO
AT&T (T) has no intention of making an offer for Vodafone (VOD), the U.S. company said today in response to speculation about a possible deal. (PR)Meanwhile, Vodafone is in talks to acquire Spain's Grupo Corporativo ONO before the cable operator carries out an IPO, Bloomberg reports.Any deal for ONO, which one analyst says could be worth an estimated €6.4B ($8.7B) including debt, would add to Vodafone's acquisition of other cable providers in Europe such as Kabel Deutschland in Germany. Jan. 27, 2014, 2:51 AM | 2 Comments
Vodafone, BSkyB plot against BT
The enemy of my enemy is my friend : Vodafone (VOD) and BSkyB (BSYBF) have reportedly held talks about how to compete with BT's (BT) increasing reach in the British broadband market, the U.K.'s Sunday Times reports.Vodafone (VOD) and Sky are considering deals involving the latter's sports and film channels and on co-operating on a high-speed broadband service.However, the two are unlikely to construct a nationwide fiber network, as such a project would cost several billion pounds.The talks come after a resurgent BT gained on its rivals by investing over £3B in a high-speed fiber-optic network and another £2B in sports broadcast rights. Jan. 20, 2014, 5:34 AM | 2 Comments
Vodafone looks to strengthen in India, under pressure in Egypt
Vodafone (VOD) is in reportedly early discussions to acquire Tata Group's 59.45% stake in Tata Teleservices in a deal that would create India's largest telco with 248M subscribers.However, Japan's NTT DoCoMo (DCM), which owns just over a quarter Tata Teleservices, has a right of first refusal on the majority holding.Should Vodafone prevail, it would look to acquire all of Tata Teleservices, whose market cap is 16.28B rupees ($261M).Meanwhile, Vodafone Egypt has been accused of inciting terrorism by incorporating secret messages supporting the Muslim Brotherhood in an advertisement.Vodafone has denied the allegations, which Egyptian prosecutors are investigating amid an intensifying crackdown on the Muslim Brotherhood by the military government that deposed it.The accusations add another headache for multinationals that operate in Egypt to go with political instability, security worries and economic uncertainty. Jan. 3, 2014, 4:30 AM | 3 Comments
Vodafone's deal to fully own Indian unit approved by regulators
After delaying its decision earlier this month, India's foreign investment regulator has signed off on Vodafone's (VOD -0.4%) to $1.6B deal to acquire the 15.5% stake in its Indian subsidiary that it doesn't already directly or indirectly own.In tandem with the deal, Vodafone has committed to investing $2B through its Indian unit. The subsidiary claims over 154M subs (#2 overall) in a market still seeing healthy growth, making it a crucial part of Vodafone's emerging markets expansion efforts.
Dec. 30, 2013, 12:02 PM | 2 Comments
Vodafone rumored to be eying BSkyB
The Daily Mail reports there are "growing rumors" Vodafone (VOD) will use part of its $130B Verizon Wireless windfall on a bid for British satellite TV/broadband services provider BSkyB (BSYBY). BSkyB's shares are currently up 2.5% in London; the company's market cap stands at $21.6B.Vodafone, fresh off spending $14.2B to acquire German cable provider Kabel Deutschland, has made no secret of its goal to be only European carrier to offer both mobile and wireline services across the continent, via a mixture of acquisitions, investments, and partnerships. The company has said it will return 71% of its Verizon Wireless proceeds to shareholders, but that still leaves plenty of cash for M&A.BSkyB has 10.4M subs, over 1/3 of which subscribe to a triple-play package of TV, broadband , and phone services.While Vodafone is rumored to be mulling acquisitions, AT&T is widely rumored to be interested in buying Vodafone. Vodafone CEO Vittorio Colao has suggested he's open to an offer. Dec. 24, 2013, 9:24 AM
Philip Morris among leaders in Morningstar's top 10 dividend stocks
Morningstar's Ultimate Stock Pickers latest list of top 10 dividend yielding stocks is led by Philip Morris (PM), "a cash-generating machine... fortified by a bevy of powerful brands, a global manufacturing and distribution system, and... an addictive product set."While 2014 is seen as an investment spending year at McDonald's (MCD), at least one analyst was reassured by the recent analyst day presentation which balanced discussions about growth and capacity initiatives with talk about returning value to shareholders.Other selections: GSK, VOD, LLY, COP, INTC, MRK, UN, CVE. Dec. 17, 2013, 6:55 PM | 9 Comments
Indian government holding off on Vodafone decision
Citing a lack of interior ministry security approvals, India's foreign investment regulator says it's deferring a ruling on Vodafone's (VOD +1.2%) request to assume full ownership of its local subsidiary.Vodafone directly or indirectly owns 84.5% of its Indian unit, which is the country's #2 mobile carrier. It's offering $1.6B to buy out minority holders, and has promised to invest $2B in the business. Dec. 9, 2013, 11:18 AM | 4 Comments
A roundup of tech ratings changes
H-P (HPQ +2.7%) has been upgraded to Hold by Edward Jones.Nokia (NOK +1.4%) has been started at Overweight by JPMorgan.Vodafone (VOD +2%) has been upgraded to Neutral by Berenberg.Infosys (INFY +1.6%) has been upgraded to Outperform by Cowen.BT (BT +2.4%) has been upgraded to Strong Buy by Raymond James.FairPoint Communications (FRP +5.1%) has been upgraded to Buy by Stifel.VOXX International (VOXX +4.6%) has been started at Strong Buy by Needham.Vocera (VCRA +3.7%) has been started at Overweight by Stephens.
Dec. 6, 2013, 9:39 AM | 2 Comments
Vodafone rallies; CEO suggests company open to acquisition offer
Vodafone (VOD +2.2%) CEO Vittorio Colao: "We have a strategy and we are putting a lot of money into it, but if somebody comes and says, ‘You have really beautiful assets,’ then I will agree."AT&T (T +0.2%) has been reported more than once to be weighing a bid for Vodafone, now that the giant international carrier has sold its Verizon Wireless stake for a $130B windfall.Colao also says Vodafone is seeing "very early signs" of improvement in recession-hit Spain, where the company's sales have been steadily declining, but also admits Vodafone has "lost a bit of market share" in the country.He adds Vodafone is open to M&A opportunities in Spain and other European markets - EU regulators are encouraging cross-market consolidation - as well as in India, where Vodafone is set to buy out its minority partners. Other EU carriers are also looking to get bigger.Yesterday: Vodafone's capex could stay elevated, CEO outlines ambitious goal Nov. 21, 2013, 11:29 AM | 2 Comments
Vodafone's capex could stay elevated, CEO outlines ambitious goal
With his company having just reaped a $130B Verizon Wireless windfall, Vodafone (VOD -1.9%) CEO Vittorio Colao says his company is open to keeping its annual capex above traditional levels once its recently-announced Project Spring is finished at the end of FY16 (ends March '16).Project Spring calls on Vodafone to spend an extra £7B ($11.3B) in capex through FY16. £3B of that sum will be spent on European 3G/3G investments. £1.5B will be spent on expanding 3G coverage in Asia-Pac and Africa, £1B on wireline broadband investments, £1B on improving customer experience platforms (customer support, payments, etc.), and £500M on bolstering Vodafone's enterprise services.Colao, whose company recently spent $14.2B to acquire German cable giant Kabel Deutschland, also declares Vodafone will be the only European carrier in five years to offer bundled mobile/wireline services to consumers across the continent, via some mixture of investments, acquisitions, and partnerships. That could be a hint Vodafone is exploring additional European wireline acquisitions. Nov. 20, 2013, 2:25 PM
Vodafone's core profit falls 4.1%
Vodafone's (VOD) H1 EBITDA dropped 4.1% to £6.6B but topped consensus of £6.4B.Revenue +1.2% to £22.03B; on organic basis, revenue -3.2%.Pretax profit £1.51B.Takes £3B tax charge on $130B sale of its stake in Verizon Wireless.Confirms full-year guidance for adjusted operating profit of £5B, free cash flow of £4.5–5B.Vodafone intends to invest £7B ($11.18B) by March 2016 as part of its "Project Spring" to improve its network as it looks to cater to consumers who want to access the Internet with smartphones and tablets.Declares interim dividend of 3.53 pence a share, up 8%; intends to pay full-year dividend of 11 pence. (PR) Nov. 12, 2013, 2:39 AM | 2 Comments
Report: AT&T exploring Vodafone takeover as soon as next year
AT&T (T +0.2%) has stepped up work on a strategy for what would be a complex and expensive deal, says Bloomberg, in part trying to identify which assets it would retain and who would be buyers of the businesses to be spun off.The combined AT&T and Vodafone (VOD +2.3%) would have a market cap in excess of $250B, huge operations here and across the pond, and more than 500M wireless subscribers, giving it the scale to challenge Google and Apple when negotiating cell phone subsidies, and squeezing out profits from rising technologies like mobile advertising.Any deal, of course, would have to wait until Vodafone closes the sale of its Verizon Wireless stake, expected to occur early next year. Oct. 31, 2013, 3:38 PM | 11 Comments
Vodafone seeks approval to fully own Indian unit
Confirming a recent Bloomberg report, Vodafone (VOD -0.6%) has officially requested approval to assume full ownership of its Indian unit, Vodafone India.The carrier is offering $1.7B to buy out minority holders; it paid $11B to buy a direct majority stake (currently at 64.4%) in the unit in 2007, and directly and indirectly owns an 84.5% stake. Thus, Vodafone's offers values Vodafone India at nearly $11B.Vodafone India is India's second-largest mobile carrier, and had 154M subs (18% of the local market) as of August. Vodafone, flush with Verizon Wireless cash, has promised to invest $2B in its Indian ops. Oct. 29, 2013, 12:09 PM
Myanmar courts Vodafone and Orange to help build cell network
Myanmar's government has reportedly invited leading foreign mobile carriers, including Vodafone (VOD) and Orange (ORAN), to bid to run a cellular network in partnership with state-owned Myanmar Posts & Telecommunications (MPT).The invitation is a second chance for Vodafone and Orange to enter the country after they lost out for two licenses earlier this year.There is much room for growth in Myanmar, where less than 10% of its population of 60M people have mobile phones. However, concerns include the government's ambitious timetable for building the network and the potential involvement of a conglomerate connected to the military. Oct. 27, 2013, 4:28 AM | 1 Comment
Vodafone executives to earn £56M from Verizon deal
Vodafone's (VOD) senior team of 250 managers will make £56M when the U.K. carrier completes the sale of its 45% stake in Verizon Wireless to Verizon Communications for $130B.Vodafone has promised to use the proceeds of the deal to pay 112 pence a share to its stockholders in cash and Verizon Communications shares.As owners of 50M Vodafone shares, the managers will receive £16M in cash and £40M in Verizon stock. CEO Vittorio Colao will get over £10M, not far off the £11M salary he earned last year. Oct. 21, 2013, 3:54 AM | 3 Comments
BT strikes MVNO deal with EE, displaces Vodafone
Orange (ORAN +3.8%) and Deutsche Telekom's (DTEGY.PK) Everything Everywhere U.K. mobile JV has struck an MVNO deal with wireline giant BT (BT +1.6%). (PR)The deal, which ends a 9-year partnership BT had with Vodafone (VOD +0.7%), allows BT to sell mobile services to its customers using EE's 3G/4G infrastructure.EE launched 4G services in the U.K. ahead of rivals, and now has more than 1M subs on its 4G network. Vodafone's U.K. 4G sub base just passed 100K. Oct. 10, 2013, 12:20 PM
Vodafone reportedly thinking of buying out Indian minority holders
Bloomberg reports Vodafone (VOD), which currently owns 64.4% of its Indian subsidiary, wants to buy out its minority partners and could start talks in the coming weeks. However, a source adds Vodafone hasn't yet decided how much it's willing to spend; a 2011 stake sale valued the company's Indian subsidiary at $11B.The report follows one indicating Vodafone, set to receive $130B for its Verizon Wireless stake sale, has no interest in bidding for Telecom Italia's Brazilian unit. India presents the giant international carrier with a large and growing market, but also one where it has been at odds with the government over tax and spectrum issues.The Indian government recently signed off on allowing foreign companies to fully own local mobile carriers. Oct. 8, 2013, 11:30 AM
Vodafone reportedly uninterested in TI's Brazilian unit
A source tells Bloomberg Vodafone (VOD) is uninterested in acquiring TIM Participacoes (TSU), Telecom Italia's (TI) Brazilian unit.There had been speculation Vodafone, set to be flush with Verizon Wireless cash, would make a bid for TIM, which TI is looking to unload following the Telefonica/Telco deal and the resignation of CEO Franco Bernabe (who wanted to hold onto Tim). AT&T is viewed as another potential acquirer.Meanwhile, Egyptian billionaire Naguib Sawiris, who once wanted to buy a stake in TI, now has a 1.2M-share short position in the Italian carrier. Reuters reports Sawiris believes TI will soon be hit by a credit downgrade - S&P just put the Italian carrier on watch for one - and considers it unlikely TI will be able to sell TIM before needing to raise fresh capital.
Oct. 7, 2013, 5:32 PM | 1 Comment
Einhorn still bullish on Vodafone, sees M&A potential
"I think Vodafone (VOD +0.9%) still remains pretty attractive..they could ultimately become a target," says David Einhorn during a Bloomberg TV talk.Einhorn, who owned nearly 1.4M Vodafone shares at the end of Q2, has argued in the past Vodafone was worth buying in part due to the potential for a Verizon Wireless deal (now completed). But (like others) he has also made the case AT&T could acquire what remains of the giant international carrier following the deal's closing.Vodafone has ticked higher on Einhorn's comments, and is touching levels last seen in '07.Previous: AT&T reportedly interested in Vodafone assets Oct. 2, 2013, 12:04 PM | 2 Comments
European regulators approve Vodafone-Kabel deal
The EC's rubber-stamping of Vodafone's (VOD +0.1%) $14.2B purchase of Germany's largest cable provider was generally expected, given the business is purely complementary to Vodafone's German mobile ops.The news comes a week after Vodafone announced it had secured over 75% of Kabel shareholder votes, a prerequisite for the deal to pass.The transaction is expected to close in the middle of October, provided irate hedge funds don't get in the way. Sep. 20, 2013, 12:21 PM
Vodafone eyes India expansion despite disputes with government
Vodafone (VOD) would be interested in acquisitions in India once the government clarifies merger rules, including those relating to the transfer of telecom spectrum between companies in any transaction. Vodafone's country chief, Marten Pieters, expects the clarification to come later this year.Vodafone also continues to plan to list its India unit in the country, although only when spectrum policy is settled.The U.K. carrier intends to expand in India despite a long-running $2.6B tax dispute with the government and a row over the latter's decision to force the company to re-bid for licenses in major cities such as Mumbai and Delhi. Sep. 15, 2013, 3:06 AM
Reuters: Hedge funds plan to keep fighting Vodafone over Kabel
Even though over 75% of Kabel Deutschland (KBDHY.OB) shares have been voted in favor of Vodafone's (VOD +0.6%) $14.2B acquisition of the company, 3 hedge funds - well-known activist fund Elliott Management, and shareholder funds Davidson Kemperer and York Capital - that tendered shares to help enable the acquisition plan to sue Vodafone in an attempt to obtain a higher price, according to Reuters.Elliott founder Paul Singer has been arguing Vodafone's offer undervalues Kabel, but hasn't specified an appropriate price. Even if a lawsuit is likely to fail in court, its ability to drag out the closing of a deal could compel Vodafone to negotiate. Sep. 13, 2013, 4:25 PM
European telcos look to get bigger as AT&T looms
Sources tell Bloomberg Orange (ORAN -0.9%) and Deutsche Telekom (DTEGY.PK) are delaying the sale of their Everything Everywhere U.K. mobile JV (has an early 4G lead) as they wait for AT&T (T +0.5%) to make its expected entry into Europe. AT&T has reportedly eyed a number of European assets, including EE.Likewise, Bloomberg joins other news sources in reporting Telefonica (TEF +0.2%) is thinking of growing its Telecom Italia (TI -1.5%) stake by taking full control of holding company Telco.Debt-laden European carriers have been shedding assets left and right. But they're now showing an interest in getting bigger, thanks both to AT&T and a growing willingness by regulators to sign off on consolidation.Orange CEO Stephane Richard has predicted approval of a proposed merger of Telefonica and KPN's German units, which would lower the number of mobile carriers in Europe's largest market to 3, would "create an [M&A] earthquake" on the continent. Richard added Orange would attempt to grow its Spanish/Polish positions, and consider wireline acquisitions in Belgium and Romania, if regulators don't object.EU antitrust chief Joaquin Almunia has said there's no "magic number" for how many carriers need to be in a market. Meanwhile, proposed telecom rules stand to encourage M&A, both by hurting carrier profitability in individual markets and by harmonizing rules across markets.Vodafone (VOD +0.3%) is expected to invest a chunk of its Verizon Wireless windfall in European assets. And there's plenty of speculation AT&T will make a bid for the giant international carrier. Sep. 13, 2013, 10:41 AM
A roundup of tech ratings changes
Intel (INTC +2.5%) has been upgraded to Buy by Jefferies in the wake of the Intel Developer Forum and its many product announcements (I, II).Alcatel-Lucent (ALU -0.9%) has been cut to Market Perform by BMO following a huge summer rally.Former JV partners Verizon (VZ +0.8%) and Vodafone (VOD +0.9%) have been upgraded to Overweight by Evercore. Vodafone just won a closely-watched shareholder vote for the Kabel Deutschland deal.Oclaro (OCLR +15.1%) has been upgraded to Buy by B. Riley in response to the II-VI deal.Akamai (AKAM +1.3%) has been upgraded to Buy by Canaccord.Monolithic Power (MPWR -2.2%) has been cut to Hold by Needham. Sep. 13, 2013, 9:48 AM
Vodafone-Kabel deal approved, U.K. chief leaving for Rogers
In spite of hedge fund opposition, Vodafone (VOD +0.7%) says 75% of Kabel Deutschland shares have been voted in favor of the mobile's carrier's €87/share offer  for the German cable provider, clearing the way for the deal to close.Altogether, Vodafone is paying €10.7B ($14.2B) for Kabel (€7.7B in cash + $3B in assumed debt). The Verizon Wireless windfall should make the purchase pretty easy to digest. Vodafone has said the deal will grow the size of its German revenue base to €11.5B/year ($15.3B/year).Separately, Vodafone U.K. CEO Guy Laurence is leaving to become the CEO of Canadian carrier Rogers (RCI -1.4%). U.K. enterprise exec Jeroen Hoencamp will replace Laurence.Rogers' hiring of Laurence comes 7 months after the company' current CEO, Nadir Mohamed, announced plans to retire in Jan. '14. Laurence will take over the top job on Dec. 2. Sep. 12, 2013, 2:55 PM
EU plan on roaming charges could lead to telco consolidation - analysts
The EU's plan to scrap roaming charges for incoming calls from July 2014 and put a limit on other tariffs, which it announced yesterday, could leave the telecom sector open to more consolidation if the rules come into force, analysts reckon."Margins are going to be wafer-thin," says CMC Markets' Michael Hewson. "There are already too many companies operating in Europe...and with these new rules, the capacity for European companies to make a profit will be greatly reduced.However, Hewson points out that the regulations will only apply to calls and not data, which tends to be more expensive.Companies that will be hit by the rules include Telefonica (TEF), Vodafone (VOD) and Orange (ORAN), and it makes you wonder whether AT&T (T) will still want to make acquisitions in the EU. Sep. 12, 2013, 7:04 AM | 3 Comments
Hacker steals data of 2M Vodafone customers
A hacker has stolen the personal information of 2M Vodafone Germany (VOD) customers in the latest cyber-attack on a major corporation.The data accessed included names, addresses, dates of birth, gender, sort codes and account numbers. However, the hacker wasn't able to see credit card information, passwords, PIN numbers, mobile phone numbers or data connections. Customers in other countries have not been affected.Vodafone said the attack was only possible with "insider knowledge" of the company's IT infrastructure.Police have already identified a suspect and seized his assets. (PR) Sep. 12, 2013, 5:32 AM
Vodafone has much ground to make up in Kabel vote
Vodafone (VOD) was far away from securing shareholder approval for its €7.7B takeover of Kabel Deutschland (KBDHF.OB) as of 5.30 pm in Germany yesterday, not long before the offer is due to lapse at midnight tonight.Kabel investors had tendered 19.88% of shares, well below the 75% minimum requirement that Vodafone has set for the deal to go through.Kabel Deutschland's biggest shareholder, U.S. activist investment fund manager Paul Singer, wants Vodafone to raise its offer for the German company, but the British operator has refused to do so. (PR) Sep. 11, 2013, 7:16 AM | 2 Comments
Kabel Deutschland investors fear for Vodafone acquisition
Kabel Deutschland (KBDHY.OB) shareholders reportedly fear that Vodafone (VOD) won't reach the required level for its €7.7B acquisition of the German cable operator to go through.Vodafone has stipulated that 75% of Kabel Deutschland shares need to be tendered by Wednesday in what is the first stage of a two-step approval process. The U.K. operator could lower the level before the deadline but said it has no intention of changing the conditions.Failure to buy Kabel Deutschland could make Vodafone vulnerable to a takeover bid from AT&T (T), which is thought to be interested in the British carrier's European mobile assets but not its cable operations. Sep. 9, 2013, 4:21 AM | 1 Comment
Paulson buying into Vodafone?
Hedge fund manager Mike Bergen reports hearing John Paulson is buying a major stake in Vodafone (VOD).Bergen: "This is a liquidation story now. Break-up value is 50% higher.."Vodafone's Verizon Wireless deal will leave it with $65B in cash (more than enough to eliminate its $38.8B in net debt) and a $65B equity stake in Verizon. There are already reports AT&T would be interested in Vodafone's international assets once the Verizon deal closes.
Sep. 6, 2013, 5:29 PM | 2 Comments
EU submits draft law to end mobile roaming fees, carriers unhappy
As expected, EC telecom commissioner Neelie Kroes has submitted a draft law that would end mobile voice, text, and data roaming fees (in favor of flat-rate charges) for consumers traveling from one EU market to another.Kroes proposes to achieve this by having carriers establish "alliances" with peers in other EU markets. She's giving carriers incentives (in the form of more relaxed rules on international roaming deals) to adopt the proposals by July '14.Unsurprisingly, local carriers such as Vodafone (VOD +0.5%), Orange (ORAN +0.5%), Telefonica (TEF +1.7%), Telecom Italia (TI +1.1%), Portugal Telecom (PT +1%), and Deutsche Telekom (DTEGY.PK) aren't thrilled with the roaming proposals, which they estimate could cost them €7B/year.Other proposed rules in the draft law, which aims to create a common EU telecom market, include the harmonizing of spectrum sale rules across countries, and the establishment of net neutrality-like safeguards to prevent carriers from blocking rival services. There's no proposal to create an EU-wide telecom regulator, as had been speculated.Previous: EU ditches effort to slash wholesale roaming fees Sep. 6, 2013, 1:14 PM
ABI Research: 3G, 4G African mobile subs to grow rapidly through 2018
African mobile subscriptions (863M as of Q2) are set to expand at a 6.6% CAGR to 1.25B by 2018, according to ABI Research.Due to "lower comparative 3G penetration of 13.8%," 3G subscriptions are forecast to grow from 114M in 2013 to 210M in 2015. By 2018, the continent is expected to have 51.2M LTE subscriptions, up from a mere 200K in Q2 and representing a CAGR of 118%.Major African carriers such as Vodafone (VOD), VimpelCom (VIP), MTN Group (MTNOY.PK), Telkom SA (TLKGY.PK), Orascom (ORSTF.PK), and Maroc (MAOTF.PK) stand to benefit from the growth, which easily surpasses that seen in most developed markets. Sep. 3, 2013, 4:49 PM | 3 Comments
A roundup of tech analyst ratings changes
Nokia (NOK +38.5%) has been upgraded to neutral ratings by Credit Suisse, Bernstein, and Oppenheimer following the Microsoft deal.Vodafone (VOD -3%) has been upgraded to Market Perform by Bernstein, and cut to Neutral by Macquarie, in the wake of the Verizon deal.Canadian carriers BCE (BCE +4.4%) and Telus (TU +6.8%) have been upgraded to Outperform in response to Verizon/Vodafone, and Verizon's subsequent assertion it has no plans to enter Canada.AT&T (T +0.6%) has been upgraded to Neutral by Macquarie.Palo Alto Networks (PANW -1.5%) has been downgraded to Market Perform by JMP.Cvent (CVT +1.4%) has received three bullish ratings and one neutral one, and YuMe (YUME +1.5%) has received four bullish ratings, as underwriters launch post-IPO coverage. Sep. 3, 2013, 9:55 AM | 5 Comments
Vodafone to use Verizon money to invest in own networks
Vodafone (VOD) -1.5% in London following news of the sale of its 45% stake in Verizon Wireless for $130B.Vodafone plans to use the money on its own networks, CEO Vittorio Colao has said. Acquiring foreign assets is an option but Vodafone won't do it immediately.Although the company will pay its shareholders $84B in cash and Verizon stock, it also intends to launch Project Spring, a £6B ($9.3B) scheme to invest in 4G infrastructure and fiber-optic cables.Meanwhile, John Malone said he would consider an offer for Liberty Global (LBTYA), Europe’s largest cable-television operator, but he's "happy" with with the company as is. Liberty has been mentioned as a possible Vodafone target. Sep. 3, 2013, 4:03 AM | 1 Comment
Verizon/Vodafone $130B deal announced, Moody's cuts Verizon's rating
Verizon Communications' (VZ) $130B purchase of Vodafone's (VOD) stake in Verizon Wireless is official.VOD will get $58.9B in cash, $60.2B in VZ stock (which will go to VOD shareholders), and $11B from other transactions.The deal will be immediately accretive to the tune of 10% for VZ. (PR)VOD will return $23.9B of the cash to shareholders and the company says it will "increase the total FY14 dividend per share by 8%." (PR)Moody's cut Verizon's long-term debt rating by one notch to Baa1 following the announcement. Sep. 2, 2013, 1:22 PM | 40 Comments
Vodafone confirms "advanced discussions" with Verizon
Vodafone (VOD) says it is in "advanced discussions" to sell its 45% stake in Verizon Wireless to Verizon Communications (VZ) for $130B in cash and shares.The company will make a further announcement "as soon as practicable," which reports say could be today.The sides were working late into the night to iron out the final details, sources say, including the cash-stock ratio of the deal.The debate about what Vodafone should do with the proceeds of the deal is already well under way: while shareholders are hoping for a healthy windfall, the FT reports that the company is interested in expanding its presence in the wire-line sector in Europe with deals similar to its proposed acquisition of Kabel Deutscheland. Liberty Global (LBTYA) has cropped up in the speculation as a potential target. (PR) Sep. 2, 2013, 3:05 AM | 2 Comments
Verizon, Vodafone reach $130B deal on Verizon Wireless stake: WSJ
Verizon Communications (VZ) and Vodafone (VOD) have reached a deal on VZ's purchase of VOD's 45% stake in Verizon Wireless, WSJ says.As expected, VZ will pay around $130B for the stake, in "roughly equal portions of cash and stock."An official announcement is expected as soon as Monday afternoon.Previous: VZ, VOD boards expected to vote on wireless deal. Sep. 1, 2013, 2:54 PM | 29 Comments
Verizon, Vodafone boards expected to vote on $130B deal
The boards of Verizon Communications (VZ) and Vodafone (VOD) are reportedly expected to vote this weekend on a deal in which the U.S. telecom operator would acquire Vodafone's 45% stake in Verizon Wireless for $130B in what would be the third-largest corporate acquisition of all time. The deal could be announced tomorrow.Verizon would pay for half the purchase with its own stock and $65B of debt. RBC analyst Doug Colandrea believes that Verizon Wireless' $28.6B of free-cash flow would enable Verizon Comm to repay the debt relatively quickly. The company would also sell some European assets back to Vodafone.The transaction will be structured in such a way that Vodafone's tax bill could be limited to $5B. (Previous) Sep. 1, 2013, 1:50 AM | 4 Comments
Vodafone investors split on what to do with potential Verizon windfall
Vodafone (VOD) investors are at ends on the best use of the company's $130B potential windfall from the sale of its Verizon stake. One camp wants the cash returned to shareholders in the form of dividends. The other camp hopes proceeds will be furrowed into the business and used for infrastructure upgrades and acquisitions to diversify the struggling European mobile business.Another angle to consider: AT&T is reportedly interested in Vodafone's mobile business. Aug. 30, 2013, 8:41 AM | 3 Comments
AT&T would be intersted in Vodafone post-Verizon deal
AT&T (T) would reportedly be interested in buying assets that remain as part of Vodafone (VOD) should the U.K. carrier sell its 45% percent stake in Verizon Wireless to Verizon Communications.However, AT&T is only interested in Vodafone's cellular business and would be put off should the latter continue to expand in the wire-line sector. It recently agreed to acquire Kabel Deutschland for $10B.AT&T is attracted to Europe, where it's been considering acquiring assets for a while, due to the relatively recent introduction of 4G. Vodafone would be particularly enticing given the large amount of cash it would receive for its Verizon Wireless holding. Aug. 30, 2013, 2:05 AM
Analysts see more upside for Vodafone; will AT&T get involved?
With the company still only sporting a market cap of $155B, analysts think Vodafone (VOD +8.1%) could go higher still if it sells its Verizon Wireless stake to Verizon for $130B (net proceeds will likely be lower due to taxes), as it's reportedly close to doing.Merrill sees 20% upside from current levels, and hedge fund analysts talking to Notable Calls think Vodafone is worth $40/share even if it only receives $120B. David Einhorn won't be complaining if that happens.Meanwhile, Bernstein is echoing a March BofA/Merrill report by arguing AT&T (T +1.2%), hungry to expand internationally, could buy what's left of Vodafone following a Verizon Wireless deal. Bloomberg reported in June AT&T "remains interested" in Vodafone's assets, among various other international properties.More on Vodafone/Verizon
Aug. 29, 2013, 11:15 AM | 9 Comments
A roundup of tech analyst ratings changes
Infosys (INFY +0.1%) has been upgraded to Outperform, and Wipro (WIT +0.3%) to Neutral, by Macquarie.AutoNavi (AMAP -1%) has received a two-notch downgrade to Underperform from Macquarie, and a downgrade to Hold from Deutsche, following its Q2 miss and decision to stop providing guidance.Vodafone (VOD +8.3%) has been started at Sell by SocGen. Investors are more interested in other news.SMI (SMI +2.8%) has been upgraded to Market Perform by Bernstein.LTX-Credence (LTXC -1.4%) has been cut to Hold by Craig-Hallum a day after providing soft guidance to go with its FQ4 results. Aug. 29, 2013, 9:45 AM
Premarket Gainers / Losers
Premarket Gainers: PRCP +31%. UNIS +16%. GES +12%. VOD +9%. SLT +7%. VZ +5%.Losers: RPTP -9%. CIMT -8%. TFM -7%. Aug. 29, 2013, 9:11 AM
Vodafone confirms talks to sell 45% stake in Verizon Wireless
Vodafone (VOD) has confirmed reports that it's in discussions with Verizon Communications (VZ) over the sale of the U.K. carrier's 45% stake in Verizon Wireless to the U.S. company.Other than saying that "there is no certainty that an agreement will be reached," Vodafone provided no further details.Bloomberg reported that the sides are in advanced talks over a $130B deal. (PR)Vodafone shares are +8.1% in London. Aug. 29, 2013, 3:22 AM | 7 Comments
Verizon, Vodafone in advanced talks over $130B deal
Verizon Communications (VZ) is in advanced negotiations to acquire Vodafone's (VOD) 45% stake in Verizon Wireless for $130B, Bloomberg reports, adding that an announcement could come early next week.The speculation goes further than a report in the WSJ, which said that the companies had rekindled their talks but was uncertain about the price involved.Verizon is in discussions with the several banks that would provide it with loans of $60B to help finance the deal.As part of the transaction, Verizon may sell back its 23% stake in Vodafone Italia, possibly worth €4B ($5.3B), to the U.K. company. Aug. 29, 2013, 3:03 AM | 1 Comment
WSJ: Verizon, Vodafone talking again about VZW stake
Sources state Verizon (VZ) and Vodafone (VOD) have "rekindled talks" regarding the former's purchase of the latter's 45% Verizon Wireless stake, and that Verizon has even gone as far as to hold financing talks with banks.Talks cooled off earlier this year due to differences over price. Vodafone reportedly wanted $130B for the stake, and Verizon is believed to have only made an initial offer of $100B.The fact Verizon Wireless continues to perform much better than Vodafone's slumping European ops could be compelling the giant international carrier to hold out for an offer it can't refuse. At the same time, the windfall from a sale (the exact amount would depend on Vodafone's tax bill) would give Vodafone plenty of resources to further expand into faster-growing emerging markets. Aug. 28, 2013, 7:00 PM | 5 Comments
Reuters: EU ditches effort to slash wholesale roaming fees
The EU had proposed to cut the maximum wholesale voice and data roaming fee rates paid by carriers to rivals by 70% for voice traffic, and 90% for data. Reuters reports EC telecom chief Neelie Kroes scrapped the idea following carrier criticism.European carriers such as Vodafone (VOD), Telefonica (TEF), Orange (ORAN), Telefonica (TEF), Telecom Italia (TI), and Deutsche Telekom (DTEGY.PK) are already up in arms over plans to eliminate consumer roaming fees in the name of creating a common EU telecom market. The EU also wants to make it easier for carriers in different markets to merge.Kroes will unveil her proposals for creating a common telecom market on Sep. 10. EU states and the European Parliament have to sign off on them. Aug. 28, 2013, 3:58 PM
Einhorn exits Microsoft, Seagate positions in Q2
Greenlight Capital's latest 13F indicates David Einhorn dumped his 6.1M-share Microsoft (MSFT -1.8%) stake, and his 5.4M-share Seagate (STX -3.4%) stake, in Q2.Einhorn also took some profits in Marvell (MRVL -1.3%), paring his position to 44.3M shares from 51.8M shares at the end of Q1. But that still leaves him with a ~9% stake in the chipmaker, which has been on a tear this year.Einhorn still has sizable positions in Apple (AAPL -0.4%), Vodafone (VOD -1.1%), and Computer Sciences (CSC -1.6%). Aug. 15, 2013, 10:23 AM | 3 Comments
Telefonica wins smart meter deals over Vodafone; Silver Spring crashes
Silver Spring (SSNI -21.8%) has plunged after the U.K. government hands the telecom contracts for a nationwide smart meter rollout to Telefonica (TEF -0.6%) and TV infrastructure operator Arqiva, thereby shutting out Vodafone (VOD -0.8%).Silver Spring and Vodafone had partnered on a bid to create and run the telecom infrastructure behind the smart meters. The U.K. is looking to install 53M smart meters by 2019.Telefonica's contracts, which cover two of the three regions for which smart meter telecom contracts have been handed out, are worth £1.5B ($2.3B) over 15 years.Silver Spring soared two weeks ago thanks to a big Q2 beat. Aug. 14, 2013, 10:39 AM | 2 Comments
A roundup of tech analyst ratings changes
Finisar (FNSR +14.5%) has been upgraded to Outperform by Raymond James following yesterday's FQ1 pre-announcement.Zillow (Z -4.9%) has been cut to Sector Perform by RBC following its Q2 beat and guidance hike.Vodafone (VOD +1.1%) has been started at Outperform by Raymond James.Activision (ATVI +0.6%) has been started at Buy by Benchmark.Marchex (MCHX +18.7%) has been upgraded to Outperform by RBC in response to its Q2 beat.Allot (ALLT +0.5%) has been cut to Sector Perform by Pac Crest, and upgraded to Outperform by Oppenheimer, a day after its Q1 miss (I, II). Aug. 7, 2013, 9:53 AM
Vodafone to sue Telecom Italia for €1B
Vodafone Group's (VOD) Italian subsidiary will sue Telecom Italia for €1B in a civil action stemming from the latter's alleged abuse of its dominant position in the Italian fixed-line telephone market. 
Telecom Italy says its behavior was and is "totally correct," although Italy's competition authority apparently doesn't agree — it fined the company €104M earlier this year, a decision the company will appeal. 
Aug. 4, 2013, 10:24 AM
Vodafone puts struggling European ops under one leader
Vodafone (VOD) Northern & Central Europe and Southern Europe units will be merged to create a single Europe division.Phillip Humm, currently the CEO of the Northern & Central Europe unit, will be the CEO of merged entity.Vodafone is also adding its Turkish division to its Africa, Middle East, and Asia-Pac ops, and creating an expanded "Group Commercial" unit encompassing a variety of sales, marketing, and customer support activities. Southern Europe CEO Paolo Bertoluzzo will run the unit.Vodafone reported bleak FQ1 (June quarter) numbers for its European ops, thanks to weak macro conditions (esp. in Southern Europe), intense competition, and the nosediving voice/text messaging activity in the region: Southern European sales fell 14.4% Y/Y, and Northern & Central Europe 3%.The restructuring comes as the EU works to create a common telecom market on the continent, and perhaps do away with lucrative roaming fees in the process. Aug. 1, 2013, 9:23 AM | 4 Comments
Vodafone (VOD +0.3%) would consider any offer for its 45% stake in Verizon Wireless, says Vodafone Chairman Gerard Kleisterlee, although he otherwise has nothing new to announce. Kleisterlee's remarks pretty much reiterate what Vodafone said in May - that it would look at any proposal but that it's happy with the status quo. Verizon Communications (VZ) has long coveted the holding so that it can take its control in Verizon Wireless to 100%.

Jul. 23, 2013, 7:26 AM | 1 Comment
After months of speculation, Telefonica Deutschland (TEF) has agreed to acquire KPN's (KKPNF.PK) German E-Plus unit in a deal that values the subsidiary at €8.1B. KPN will receive €5B in cash and a 17.6% stake in Telefonica Deutschland. The transaction will create the biggest cellular operator in Germany with annual revenues of over €8B, and enable the combined entity to better compete with leading operators Deutsche Telekom (DTEGF.PK) and Vodafone (VOD). The merger is expected to create synergies of €5-5.5B. Jul. 23, 2013, 3:02 AM
Vodafone (VOD) FQ1 organic service revenue -3.5% to £10.155B; sales to Northern and Central Europe -3% due to "competitive intensity", with U.K. -4.5% and Germany -5.1%. Southern Europe -14.4%, with Italy -17.6% and Spain -10.6%. Sees good growth in Africa, the Middle East and Asia Pacific. Net debt -£2.1B on quarter to £24.9B. Reiterates full-year outlook. Expects to complete the €7.7B acquisition of Kabel Deutschland (KBDHY.OB) by the end of 2013. (PR)

Jul. 19, 2013, 3:22 AM | 4 Comments
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) officially announces its Edge monthly installment/early upgrade plan (previously mentioned in a leaked slide) in the wake of its Q2 report. Edge does away with service contract requirements (unlike AT&T's (T) Jump), involves 24 monthly installments for smartphone purchases, and only requires users to wait 6 months for an upgrade (AT&T requires 12 months). However, users have to pay off 50% of a phone's price before they can upgrade, and can only join Edge if they sign up for a costly shared data plan. (Verizon's Q2: I, II, III)

Jul. 18, 2013, 10:47 AM
The iPhone (AAPL +0.7%) accounted for 51% of Verizon Wireless' (VZ -2.4%, VOD -0.5%) Q2 smartphone sales. That translates into 3.9M iPhones, above estimates and good for a 44% Y/Y increase (up from Q1's +25%). Verizon also says it isn't interested in Leap Wireless (LEAP -0.2%), and calls its interest in entering Canada an "exploratory exercise." Retail postpaid net adds rose Q/Q, but Y/Y growth fell to 6% from Q1's 35%. Retail churn was 1.23%, -7 bps Q/Q but +12 bps Y/Y. Retail postpaid ARPA rose by $2.23 Q/Q to $152.50. Retail prepaid net adds totaled 97K vs. 43K in Q1 and 290K a year ago. Total wireline revenue -1.6% Y/Y, as business declines offset consumer growth. 2013 capex budget slightly raised to $16.4B-$16.6B from $16.2B. (Verizon Q2: I, II)

Jul. 18, 2013, 9:58 AM | 5 Comments
Liberty Global (LBTYA +0.2%) won't try to one-up Vodafone's (VOD -0.2%) €87/share offer for Kabel Deutschland, says John Malone, confirming media reports. Instead, Liberty will turn its sights on Southern Europe for growth opportunities. Malone: "We’re getting to the point where in northern Europe, we’re pretty much as far as we can go ... If southern Europe sort of hits the bottom, as it were, there are things we can do further south in scale."

Jul. 16, 2013, 3:52 PM
AT&T (T) responds to T-Mobile USA's (TMUS) Jump smartphone upgrade plan by launching its own monthly installment/early upgrade offering, and Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) might not be far behind. AT&T Next lets users pay for devices via 20 monthly installments, and with no activation/upgrade fees. Unlike Jump ($10/month, no contract, 2 upgrades/year) there's no additional monthly fee, but there is a service contract requirement, and a 12-month wait between upgrades. Meanwhile, a leaked Verizon slide suggests the carrier is about to launch VZ Edge, a plan that combines installments with the option to upgrade after a device is 50% paid off.

Jul. 16, 2013, 12:38 AM | 1 Comment
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) is obligated to buy a whopping $23.5B worth of iPhones from Apple (AAPL) this year, about twice as many as it sold in 2012, thinks former Bernstein analyst Craig Moffett after going over SEC filings (Vodafone's 20-F appears to be the source). Moffett estimates Verizon, which he believes has fallen short of its iPhone purchase commitments each year since it began selling the phone in 2011, could end up owing Apple $12B-$14B at year's end, given sales trends. Moffett: "It isn’t clear that Apple has any incentive to blow up [its Verizon] relationship by taking a hard line ... Still, it is likely that Apple would be reluctant to simply ignore these commitments." (Sprint)

Jul. 11, 2013, 12:30 PM | 43 Comments
Vodafone's (VOD +0.3%) U.K. prepaid subs are up in arms over the carrier's plan to begin billing users by the minute (while rounding numbers up), rather than by the second, starting on Aug. 1. For example, a call that lasts 2 minutes and 10 seconds will now be billed as 3 minutes. Vodafone insists it's just trying to simplify its pricing. The fact its U.K. revenue fell 3.7% Y/Y in FY13 might have something to do with the decision.

Jul. 9, 2013, 2:47 PM | 1 Comment
India's Telecom Commission has backed a proposal allowing foreign companies to fully own Indian mobile carriers. Thus far, foreign companies were typically limited to a 49% stake, which could be raised up to 74% via special regulatory approval. The proposal could pave the way for Vodafone (VOD), which has tangled with the Indian government over several issues, to buy out minority investors in its local subsidiary, but could also result in the company seeing tougher competition if/when more foreign carriers decide to enter the Indian market.

Jul. 5, 2013, 2:26 PM
Liberty Global (LBTYA) is reportedly unlikely to increase its €85-a-share bid for Kabel Deutschland (KBDHY.OB) after Vodafone (VOD) agreed to acquire the German cable company for €87 a share, or €7.7B. Liberty reckons Vodafone's proposal is expensive, while John Malone's company also recognizes that a tie-up with Kabel would probably face antitrust difficulties, as it already owns Germany's second-largest cable firm, Unity Media.

Jul. 3, 2013, 3:10 AM
The Spanish government has slashed interconnection fees for mobile carriers by ~75%, a move that could further pressure ARPUs and revenues in a market battered by weak macro conditions, line disconnections, and the impact of Internet services on voice/text activity. Vodafone (VOD +0.1%), Telefonica (TEF +1.7%), Orange (FTE -1.7%), and TeliaSonera's Yoigo are the market's four main players. Vodafone reported an 11.5% Y/Y drop in Spanish revenue for the March quarter. Vodafone, Telefonica, and Yoigo have all ended phone subsidies in an effort to pare costs; Orange still offers them.

Jul. 1, 2013, 1:56 PM | 1 Comment
Vodafone (VOD) has offered to pay 40B rupees ($680M) to the Indian government to extend the cellular carrier's licenses in the lucrative areas of Delhi, Mumbai, and Kolkata. Officials have already rejected one Vodafone request to renew the permits when they run out in November next year, a decision the company has challenged in court. The case is set to be heard on August 29. Jul. 1, 2013, 7:08 AM | 1 Comment
A roundup of tech analyst ratings changes: 1) Sina (SINA -0.2%) has been upgraded to Hold by Maxim. 2) First Solar (FSLR +1%) has been upgraded to to Buy by Argus. 3) Vodafone (VOD +0.5%) has been upgraded to Buy by Deutsche. 4) American Superconductor (AMSC +10.3%) has been started at Buy by Ascendiant Capital. 5) F5 (FFIV +0.7%) has been upgraded to Outperform by Raymond James. 6) Move (MOVE +1%) has been started at Buy by B. Riley. 7) Sohu (SOHU -1.1%) has been upgraded to Neutral by HSBC. 8) Palo Alto Networks (PANW -2.2%) has been started at Perform by Oppenheimer. 9) Veeco (VECO -1.7%) has been started at Neutral by Wedbush. Jun. 28, 2013, 9:40 AM
Verizon Wireless' (VZ, VOD) 4G LTE rollout is "substantially complete," the carrier declares after covering its 500th market. Big Red says its LTE network now covers 298M people (95% of the U.S. population), which puts it soundly ahead of the 250M and 200M AT&T (T) and Sprint (S) respectively expect to cover by year's end. Verizon now plans to focus its LTE investments on adding capacity, much of it in the higher-frequency AWS band (better for urban areas), and adding new features such as voice-over-LTE support (due in 2014). The carrier adds it "will lead" in deploying the next-gen LTE-Advanced standard, but hasn't set a timeline.

Jun. 27, 2013, 11:09 AM | 4 Comments
Liberty Global (LBTYA +0.9%) thinks a counter-offer for Kabel Deutschland "is still feasible should it opt to table one," sources tell Bloomberg in the wake of Vodafone's (VOD +0.6%) deal to buy the top German cable provider. However, German antitrust regulators recently stated a deal with Liberty, which already owns #2 German cable provider Unity Media, would be more "complicated" than a Vodafone deal.

Jun. 26, 2013, 1:18 PM
Fitch puts Vodafone's (VOD +2%) A- long-term debt rating on watch for a downgrade following its €10.7B deal (€7.7B in cash + $3B in assumed debt) for Kabel Deutschland. Noting the deal increases Vodafone's net debt/EBITDA ratio to 2.4x from 2x, Fitch says a one-notch downgrade is likely if the carrier doesn't take "other measures to reduce debt." Vodafone had $65.2B in debt on its balance sheet as of March 30, and $19.7B in cash and short-term investments. Long-term investments were valued at $66.5B, but the Verizon Wireless stake is worth more than that by itself. Jun. 25, 2013, 2:16 PM | 4 Comments
Nomura upgrades Vodafone (VOD -0.3%) to Buy following its €7.7B deal to acquire Kabel Deutschland (€10.7B after debt). Shares are close to breakeven on a rough day for both U.S. and European equities. Vodafone says the deal will increase the size of its German revenue base to €11.5B/year, and expects annual cost/capex synergies of €300M by its fourth year. Kabel's price tag is equal to 13.8x its estimated FY14 operating cash flow.

Jun. 24, 2013, 12:15 PM
Vodafone (VOD) has confirmed reports that it has agreed to acquire Kabel Deutschland (KBDHY.OB) for €7.7B in what will be the U.K. operator's largest acquisition since its entry into India in 2007. Vodafone will pay €87 a share, just above Kabel's close of €86 on Friday. A major question is what John Malone's Liberty Global (LBTYA) will do, now that its €7.5B has been superseded. (PR)

Jun. 24, 2013, 2:39 AM
Vodafone (VOD) has reached a preliminary deal to acquire Kabel Deutschland for €7.7B ($10.1B), or €87/share, Bloomberg reports. The price tag, which rises to €10.7B after factoring in Kabel's debt, represents a 2% premium from the €85/share both Vodafone and Liberty Global (LBTYA) were previously reported to have bid for the German cable provider, which claims 8.5M connected homes and 15M passed homes.

Jun. 23, 2013, 3:17 PM | 2 Comments
AT&T (T) considered buying up to a 29.9% stake in Telefonica (TEF) before the Spanish government said no, has mulled buying France Telecom (FTE)/Deutsche Telekom's (DTEGY.PK) Everything Everywhere U.K. mobile JV and Telefonica's O2 U.K. unit or Latin American ops, and "remains interested" in Vodafone (VOD) assets, Bloomberg reports. A merger with Telefonica has also been explored, even though AT&T's ties with America Movil (AMX) would complicate matters. Meanwhile, the FT reports CEO Randall Stephenson is meeting with EC telecom regulator Neelie Kroes. It safe to assume Ma Bell is serious about expanding abroad in order to offset slumping U.S. growth. (previous)

Jun. 20, 2013, 4:37 PM | 3 Comments
Is a bidding war breaking out for Kabel Deutschland? Bloomberg reports Vodafone (VOD +0.4%) has raised its preliminary bid for the German cable giant to €7.5B ($10B), or €85/share, matching an offer recently made by Liberty Global (LBTYA -0.1%). Vodafone is said to be studying Kabel's books "before it presents an official offer in the coming weeks." Kabel closed at €85.51 in Frankfurt, up 3.7%. (previous)

Jun. 18, 2013, 3:50 PM
Liberty Global (LBTYA -2.1%) has made a €7.5B ($10B) offer for Kabel Deutschland, the FT reports. Such a bid would trump the €7.2B ($9.6B) offer Reuters reported Vodafone (VOD +1.3%) recently made. The Sunday Times reported yesterday Kabel is holding out for €8B in equity (to go with €3B in assumed debt), and that Vodafone is preparing a new bid. Liberty's reported offer amounts to €85/share; Kabel closed at €82.47 in Frankfurt today. Update: Kabel confirms it has received an offer from Liberty.

Jun. 17, 2013, 3:50 PM
Kabel Deutschland wants Vodafone (VOD) to pay €11B ($14.7B) - over €8B in cash for its equity + nearly $3B in assumed debt - to acquire it, The Sunday Times reports. The cash component would represent a ~10% premium from Kabel's Friday close in Frankfurt, and an 11%+ premium from the €7.2B offer Reuters reports Vodafone recently made. The paper adds Vodafone is set to made a fresh bid. (previous)

Jun. 16, 2013, 7:48 PM | 2 Comments
Europe's mobile carriers (VOD, FTE, TI, TEF) won't like this: the EU is planning to scrap roaming fees for voice, text, and data services next year (possibly by July '14) as part of an effort to create a common telecom market. The cuts are only expected to affect carrier revenues by 2% on average, but the impact on profits will likely be bigger, given the margins attached. Regulators have already announced plans to harmonize telecom regulations, and to make it easier for carriers to merge. "There are around 100 operators in Europe and only 4 in the US ... That’s not sustainable if we’re going to have a single market," a source tells the Telegraph.

Jun. 14, 2013, 7:00 PM | 2 Comments
Vodafone (VOD -0.3%) is thinking of upping its offer for Kabel Deutschland after an initial €7.2B ($9.6B) bid was spurned, Reuters reports. Three sources claim Vodafone sent a letter to Kabel indicating an offer price of €81/share; the German cable giant closed at €82.69 today in Frankfurt (€7.3B market cap). Vodafone, which has 32M German mobile subs, is keen on selling mobile/TV/Internet bundles to Kabel's cable subs. (previous)

Jun. 14, 2013, 2:28 PM | 1 Comment
T-Mobile USA (DTEGF.PK) and Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) are reportedly not part of the NSA's program to collect metadata about the phone calls on their networks, partly due to their ownership ties to foreign companies. However, it's likely that the NSA is still able to scoop up the metadata, as the the calls eventually travel on infrastructure operated by U.S. companies that do work with the NSA.

Jun. 14, 2013, 6:15 AM | 4 Comments
Vodafone (VOD) shares are -4.7% in London after its stock went ex-dividend today and following the company's confirmation that it is interested in acquiring Kabel Deutschland (KBDHY.OB). Vodafone has reportedly offered €10B for the German cable operator, whose shares are +7.4% in Frankfurt. That gives it a market cap of €7B. Jun. 12, 2013, 4:22 AM | 3 Comments
Vodafone (VOD) has confirmed reports that it has made a preliminary approach to German TV, Internet and telecom provider Kabel Deutschland about a possible offer for the company. (PR)

Jun. 12, 2013, 4:01 AM
Vodafone (VOD) informally approached Kabel Deutschland about a bid for the top German cable provider "within the past week," Bloomberg reports, while cautioning talks haven't begun because Vodafone's suggested offer price is too low. Vodafone/Kabel rumors have been swirling for some time; the WSJ reported last week Vodafone was once more interested after shelving earlier plans. Kabel sports a market cap of $8.8B on the Frankfurt exchange.

Jun. 11, 2013, 5:18 PM
India's cabinet has authorized a proposal to start a non-binding conciliation process with Vodafone (VOD) over a $2.2B tax bill related to the company's acquisition of a unit of Hutchison Whampoa in 2007. While Vodafone disputes that it owes the money, it has in the past expressed willingness to reach a settlement that doesn't include interest. The outcome of the row could affect at least four other cases, including one involving AT&T.

Jun. 5, 2013, 5:36 AM | 2 Comments
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) is apparently doubling down on its pro football bet. The WSJ reports Big Red and the NFL have reached a 4-year, $1B extension to their current deal that will result in every NFL game being available on Verizon smartphones via the carrier's NFL Mobile service, including home market and playoff games. The current 4-year, $720M deal only provides access to a subset of games. No details on tablet support - for now, NFL Mobile only provides tablet live video access to Verizon FiOS and Cablevision subs. For non-Verizon subs, there's always the Slingbox.

Jun. 4, 2013, 10:44 AM | 2 Comments
Vodafone (VOD -0.5%) is once more interested in buying Kabel Deutscheland, but  no final decision on a bid has been made, the WSJ's German site reports (translation). Vodafone reportedly tabled its plans to make a bid for Kabel this winter after news of its interest was leaked. Since then, Liberty Global (LBTYA) has also been named as a potential suitor for the German cable provider, and Vodafone has reportedly talked with Deutsche Telekom about offering a mobile/wireline bundle in Germany. Meanwhile, Vodafone's Australian unit is shuttering its 3 mobile brand, obtained in 2009 following its merger with Hutchison's Australian unit.

Jun. 3, 2013, 2:21 PM
Vodafone (VOD -1.1%) and China Mobile (CHL -2%) have abandoned plans to make a joint bid for a mobile license in Myanmar, arguing conditions are unfavorable. Both carriers have been on the lookout for emerging markets growth opportunities. Separately, CHL is getting ready to launch Jego, a mobile VoIP/messaging platform aimed at international users with Chinese friends/family, and planning to revive Fetion, a mobile/PC IM app. Both will face tough competition from Tencent's (TCEHY.PK) popular and traffic-hogging WeChat, as well as international platforms such as WhatsApp, Skype, and Viber. May 31, 2013, 10:11 AM | 1 Comment
EU telecom chief Neelie Kroes hopes to put together a package of reforms that will be approved before European Parliament elections in May next year. The plan is to foster a single market for the industry across the bloc, although Kroes is giving up on the idea of a single regulator following opposition from member states.

May 27, 2013, 5:27 AM
Vodafone (VOD +0.3%) views its Verizon Wireless stake as a more attractive long-term asset than its slumping European ops, and is thus loath to sell it, argues Bernstein's Robin Bienenstock in the wake of the carrier's FQ4 report (included major Y/Y drops in Italian/Spanish revenue). Bienenstock, no stranger to throwing cold water on deal expectations, also thinks Vodafone's remarks about keeping its new $3.15B VZW distribution are a sign Verizon (VZ -1.3%) won't be issuing fresh distributions in the near-term; recent comments from Verizon's CFO also back this up. May 21, 2013, 2:31 PM | 11 Comments
Vodafone (VOD): FQ4 organic service revenue -4.2% (in line, but worst quarterly drop on record): -12.8% in Italy and -11.5% in Spain. Impairment charge of £1.8B in Italy, bringing total impairments for Spain and Italy to £7.7B for the full year during which sales were down 4.2%, to £44.4B and core earnings were off 3.1% to £13.3B. Adjusted operating profit beats, rising 9.3% to £12B. The company said it will keep its 45% share of Verizon's (VZ) dividend payment to shore up operations. May 21, 2013, 4:34 AM | 4 Comments
The deal may be far from done, but that hasn't stopped analysts from spending (in their heads anyway) the theoretical $100B+ cash hoard Vodaphone (VOD) would be sitting on in the event Verizon (VZ) buys out VOD's 45% Verizon Wireless stake. "What they should do is a dramatic rethink of the business," a Bernstein analyst tells Bloomberg. One possibility: acquisitions, such as Kabel Deutschland Holding and/or Liberty Global, KBC asset management says. Even if the company returned half of the cash from a potential deal to shareholders, it would still be left with $62B, including what it currently has on its books. May 20, 2013, 5:38 AM | 3 Comments
32% of Q1 U.S. smartphone sales involved prepaid phones, up from 21% a year ago, says NPD. That trend could spell trouble for AT&T (T) and Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD), whose recent growth has been heavily tied to selling costly postpaid data plans. With 72% and 61% of the carriers' postpaid bases now respectively on smartphones, they face pressure to gain prepaid buyers without cannibalizing postpaid subs. Cannibalization fears have led AT&T and Verizon to make their prepaid plans 3G-only; Sprint (S) and T-Mobile (TMUS) offer 4G. A mix shift towards unsubsidized prepaid phones could also be a challenge for Apple (AAPL), estimated to have just 8% of the Q1 U.S. prepaid smartphone market (though that's up 4x Y/Y). May 18, 2013, 6:23 PM | 16 Comments
Verizon Wireless distributions will be "more lean" going forward than they have been thus far as the carrier pays down debt and bids in upcoming spectrum auctions, says Verizon (VZ) CFO Frank Shammo in the wake of a $7B payout. The comments suggest Verizon might still use the distributions as a bargaining chip (previous) to get Vodafone (VOD) to sell its stake. Shammo also states 1/3 of Big Red's postpaid subs are now on its costly shared data plans; that's up from 13% last November. (earlier)

May 14, 2013, 6:07 PM | 3 Comments
Verizon's (VZ +0.8%) decision to let Verizon Wireless make a $7B distribution, rather than play hardball with Vodafone (VOD +0.3%), "smacks of stalemate" in Verizon's efforts to buy Vodafone's 45% stake, writes Bernstein's Robin Bienenstock. "In effect, Verizon is betting that Vodafone will be under more pressure to sell at a lower price next year because of Vodafone's own poor operational trends." Past reports suggest the gap between Verizon's initial bid and Vodafone's initial asking price could be $30B.  (previous)

May 14, 2013, 2:24 PM | 3 Comments
Verizon Wireless is making a fresh $7B cash distribution to owners Verizon (VZ) and Vodafone (VOD) - Verizon will get $3.85B, and Vodafone $3.15B. A $10B distribution was made in 2011, and an $8.5B distribution last November. CEO Lowell McAdam appeared to be hinting earlier this month Vodafone might not get a distribution this year, as Verizon Wireless focuses on paying down debt. VOD +0.5% AH. VZ +0.3%. May 13, 2013, 4:53 PM | 5 Comments
AT&T (T) and Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) might finally realize their dream of charging consumers and content providers for mobile data traffic: a WSJ report states ESPN has held talks with "at least one major carrier" about subsidizing access to its content, perhaps by guaranteeing it doesn't count towards monthly caps. If such deals ever became widespread, media providers such as YouTube, Netflix, and Pandora would probably be the biggest payers. But ESPN isn't yet sure of the economics, and (though net neutrality rules only apply to wireline) there could be a regulatory backlash.

May 10, 2013, 11:49 AM | 4 Comments
"Our thesis is that AAPL has a terrific operating platform, engendering a loyal, sticky and growing customer base that will make repeated purchases ... Unfortunately, there have been a series of disappointments," writes David Einhorn in Greenlight Capital's Q1 letter, defending his bullishness on Apple (AAPL) after a 17% Q1 drop. He also defends his lightning-rod efforts to get Apple to remove Prop. 2 and change its capital structure. Vodafone (VOD - 21% Q1 gain) is another name Einhorn remains bullish on, believing "substantial value" could still be unlocked if a Verizon Wireless deal happens, and speculating AT&T might buy what's left of the carrier. (previous)

May 10, 2013, 12:52 AM | 9 Comments
The 5% yield barrier on junk bonds (HYG, JNK) is broken for the first time ever, the Barclays U.S. High Yield Index sliding to 4.97% (prior to Jan., the yield had never fallen below 6%). Spreads to Treasurys remain at a not-unreasonable 406 bps, far wider than the record-tight 223 points reached just as the gates of financial heck were about to open in 2007. In the meantime, the equity of highly non-wobbly companies like RDS.A, VOD, and GSK yields in the area of 5%. "We don't want to question the market," writes the FT's David Keohane, "but: what the (heck)?"

May 8, 2013, 11:38 AM | 7 Comments
Vodafone (VOD) is unlikely to settle a $2.6B tax dispute with the Indian government for "at least another year," the FT reports. India's finance minister had stated in January he expected a deal by April. The tax dispute is just one of several issues where Vodafone and the government are at odds. Meanwhile, Spain's telecom regulator is thinking of fining Vodafone a relatively modest $2.6M for not adhering to EU roaming tariff rules.

May 7, 2013, 11:53 AM | 3 Comments
Some big Verizon (VZ -0.8%) shareholders seem comfortable with the carrier paying $120B-$130B to acquire Vodafone's (VOD -0.4%) 45% stake in Verizon Wireless. "No way do I dream that $100 billion is going to get this deal done," says Craig Leopold, whose firm (Columbia Management) owns 22M Verizon shares. He estimates even a $130B deal would lift Verizon's 2014 EPS by 15%. One big challenge: Verizon already has $52.9B in debt on its balance sheet, offset by just $9.5B in cash/investments. Even a 50/50 cash-stock deal for the stake would lead total debt to soar above $100B. (previous)

May 6, 2013, 12:58 PM | 5 Comments
Vodafone (VOD) might not be getting a Verizon Wireless cash distribution this year, Verizon (VZ) CEO Lowell McAdam hints in comments seen as an effort to further pressure Vodafone into selling its Verizon Wireless stake. At a meeting hosted by JPMorgan analyst Philip Cusick, McAdam said the top priority for Verizon Wireless' considerable cash flow will be to pay down $5B in debt due by mid-2014, rather than fresh distributions. Verizon Wireless has paid out $18.5B in two distributions over the last two years, $8.3B of which has gone to Vodafone. (previous)

May 2, 2013, 9:59 PM | 5 Comments
Vodafone (VOD) is "sitting with a rather ugly set of assets once you lose the Verizon Wireless stake," a UK fund manager tells Reuters, explaining why six big VOD stockholders who control ~1.3B shares between them would likely prefer a merger with Verizon (VZ) rather than sell the stake for what they consider to be a paltry $100B. These and other shareholders are ultimately concerned that VOD's "exposure to troubled European markets" will take center stage once the Verizon stake is gone.

Apr. 29, 2013, 6:01 AM | 3 Comments
Vodafone (VOD) wants $130B from Verizon (VZ) for its 45% stake in Verizon Wireless, the WSJ reports. The paper notes Verizon, which has reportedly been eying an initial bid of $100B, seems to be using a PR campaign - promising Verizon can finance the deal, insisting Vodafone's tax bill will be small, etc. - to bring a reluctant Vodafone to the negotiating table. Sources claim no formal offer has been made by Verizon yet. (Jefferies)

Apr. 26, 2013, 7:47 AM | 12 Comments
If Verizon (VZ +2.2%) is serious about buying Vodafone's (VOD +2.8%) Verizon Wireless stake, $100B isn't going to cut it, thinks Jefferies. The firm values the stake at $121B based on a 7.7x estimated EV/EBITDA multiple for the March 2014 fiscal year, and notes a Sunday Times article discussed a possible valuation of $135B (others have suggested $115B). There's also the question of how keen Vodafone is on selling when its stake has been appreciating considerably, and is now yielding giant cash distributions. On the flip side, a sale could fuel a massive M&A-driven expansion into growth markets. (Reuters report)

Apr. 25, 2013, 12:36 PM | 7 Comments
Telefonica (TEF -0.3%) is thinking of selling its German wireline ops, Bloomberg reports. One source adds Telefonica, which has been eying asset sales to pare its debt load, is open to sharing its mobile network with a rival or merging the business with KPN's (KKPNY.PK) E-Plus unit. Vodafone (VOD), which seems intent on growing its German wireline presence, is a logical buyer for the wireline business, which claims 2.4M broadband subs and has an estimated value of €2B ($2.6B). Liberty Global (LBTYA), reportedly eying Kabel Deutschland, is another possibility.

Apr. 25, 2013, 9:47 AM
Verizon Communications (VZ) has reportedly hired bank and legal advisers ahead of a possible $100B cash and stock bid to buy Vodafone's (VOD +1.3% in London) 45% stake in Verizon Wireless. Verizon Com, which reckons it can raise $50B from banks to help fund the deal, will structure its offer so that Vodafone's tax bill would be $5B rather than a possible $20B. Apr. 25, 2013, 3:26 AM | 11 Comments
Vodafone's (VOD +0.2%) dividend (5.1% yield) isn't dependent on the huge cash distributions it receives for its 45% stake in Verizon Wireless, insists CFO Andy Halford. "The amount of cash we generate at the moment is a little higher than the dividend that we pay out," he claims. Halford didn't provide fresh details on Vodafone's plans for the stake in light of Verizon's strong interest in buying it (and ending the distributions). Meanwhile, Vodafone has launched Red, a giant pan-European ad campaign touting its data services and unlimited voice/text packages, and seen as an effort to combat the threat posed by VoIP and Web messaging services.

Apr. 23, 2013, 1:59 PM | 3 Comments
More on Verizon: Verizon Wireless' performance is taking center stage as shares rally. Service revenue rose 8.6% Y/Y, while equipment sales fell 1.4% (evidence of Verizon's efforts to lower subsidies). Retail postpaid net adds rose by 677K, and total retail net adds by 720K. Wireless operating income margin rose 430 bps Y/Y to 32.9%. Retail postpaid churn rose 6 bps Q/Q and 5 bps Y/Y to 1.01%. Vodafone (VOD +2.2%) is rallying in response to VZW's numbers, and CC comments about Verizon being "extremely confident" it can buy Vodafone's stake without taking a tax hit. Apr. 18, 2013, 10:56 AM | 2 Comments
Vodafone (VOD -0.9%) is cutting 500 jobs at its German unit, as it contends (like many other European carriers) with tough macro conditions and the pressures placed on voice/text revenue by Internet services. Some jobs will be moved to Romania and India, and the carrier's network technology and customer service ops will be among the affected areas.

Apr. 15, 2013, 2:20 PM | 1 Comment
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) was the company that offered $1B-$1.5B for some of Clearwire's (CLWR -2.8%) spectrum, the WSJ reports. Meanwhile, Dish (DISH -6.4%) says it hasn't formally withdrawn its $3.30/share offer for Clearwire, but would honor Sprint's (S +14.9%) $2.97/share offer. Naturally, Dish touts the potential of a Sprint merger to enable triple/quad-play bundles - a recent Consumer Reports survey drove highlighted their popularity. CEO Charlie Ergen also talks up the implications of soaring mobile data usage, and compares Dish's strategy to a Seinfeld episode where everything comes together in the last 2 minutes.

Apr. 15, 2013, 10:22 AM | 2 Comments
Upcoming FCC spectrum auctions should be structured to guarantee smaller nationwide carriers - no doubt T-Mobile (DTEGY.PK) and Sprint (S) - are able to purchase a fair share, so as to "improve the competitive dynamic among nationwide carriers and benefit consumers," the DOJ argues in a public filing. Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) and AT&T (T), who are already complaining the auctions (arriving in 2014 or later) will cap how much spectrum they can acquire, can't be happy to hear that. Apr. 12, 2013, 2:47 PM | 2 Comments
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) makes a fresh attempt to lower phone subsidy expenses: the top U.S. carrier will soon require customers to wait a full 24 months from the time a contract begins to receive a subsidy for a new phone. Thus far, Verizon has been allowing some subscribers to receive a subsidy after 20 months. The announcement comes a year after Verizon implemented a $30 phone upgrade fee, and a month after CFO Fran Shammo stated Verizon wants to sell 4G-only devices by late 2014 in an effort to lower hardware costs. Apr. 12, 2013, 2:05 PM | 1 Comment
One way or another, Vodafone (VOD +0.2%) seems intent on growing its German wireline presence: a source tells Reuters the mobile giant is talking with Deutsche Telekom (DTEGY.PK) about a deal to offer German consumers a bundle of mobile, TV, and broadband services. Reuters' scoop comes a month after reports Vodafone has shelved plans to acquire German cable provider Kabel Deutschland for now. Some think the Kabel overtures were a negotiating tactic aimed at securing better terms from DT.

Apr. 4, 2013, 11:13 AM
Bernstein takes Verizon's (VZ -1%) statement about not currently having any intention to acquire/merge with Vodafone (VOD -4.5%) as a sign Verizon's overtures have been rebuffed. "We view Vodafone as a (very) reluctant seller." Nonetheless, an unnamed top-15 Vodafone shareholder tells Reuters "there has been a subtle change of tone from Vodafone management" over the last 6 months regarding a sale of the Verizon Wireless stake. "They are in a place psychologically where they are prepared to sell it." (previous) Apr. 3, 2013, 4:26 PM | 6 Comments
After-hours top gainers, as of 5:15 p.m.: CALL +17%. NVAX +6%. ZOLT +6%. NFX +5%. ZNGA +5%. 
After-hours top losers: KOS -10%. GPN -6%. VOD -4%. SEP -4%. OXM -3%. Apr. 2, 2013, 5:36 PM
Verizon (VZ) doesn't "currently have any intention to merge with or make an offer for Vodafone (VOD), whether alone or in conjunction with others," the telco announces, addressing an FT report about a possible joint bid with AT&T (T). Verizon does reiterate it "would be a willing purchaser" of Vodafone's 45% stake in Verizon Wireless, but that's pretty well-known. VOD -3.9% AH. VZ -0.8%. T -0.3%.

Apr. 2, 2013, 5:30 PM | 5 Comments
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) has purchased Frontier (FTR) and Rio Virgin Telephone's ownership stakes in Mohave Wireless, a rural 3G carrier operating in Arizona. Verizon, whose 4G LTE network covers nearly 89% of the U.S. population, says it will upgrade Mohave's network to 4G, now that it fully owns the carrier. Terms of the deal haven't been disclosed.

Apr. 2, 2013, 2:32 PM | 2 Comments
Verizon Communications (VZ) and AT&T (T) have reportedly been working on a $245B breakup bid for Vodafone (VOD) whereby Verizon would realize its long-held dream of gaining full control of Verizon Wireless and AT&T would obtain Vodafone's non U.S. assets. "Usually reliable people" tell the FT that Verizon and AT&T would offer 260p a share in what would be the biggest takeover in history. Vodafone shares are +4.8% at 195.64 pence in London. Apr. 2, 2013, 5:26 AM | 7 Comments
It's safe to assume Vodafone (VOD -0.3%) isn't a fan of the Indian government. Already embroiled in tax, spectrum fee, and spectrum licensing disputes with Indian authorities, Vodafone is now challenging a ruling by the country's telecom regulator to deny license extensions for the lucrative markets of Mumbai, Delhi, and Kolkata. The regulator argues the licenses, set to expire in Nov. '14, can't be extended due to 2012 policy changes that require carriers to purchase spectrum separately from service licenses. Apr. 1, 2013, 12:24 PM | 2 Comments
European tech and telecom stocks are underperforming as continental equities sell off on Italian concerns. STM -3.9%. ALU -2.3%. NXPI -1.4%. FTE -4.3%. TEF -2.1%. TI -4.3%. VOD -1.7%. One exception is Nokia (NOK +0.3%), which is benefiting from an upgrade to Buy from Swedbank. Mar. 27, 2013, 10:29 AM | 6 Comments
The EU has an ambitious broadband agenda: It wants 50% of regional households to have 100Mbps+ connections by 2020, and all households to have 30Mbps+ connections. To deliver on these goals, the EC is now proposing every new home support high-speed broadband, and (estimating up to €60B in savings) is looking to cut permit wait times for broadband and 4G tower building permits. However, the proposals come as legislators, citing the continent's economic woes, consider slashing €50B-€70B from the digital part of the Connecting Europe Facility.

Mar. 26, 2013, 1:58 PM | 2 Comments
Vodafone (VOD) +2.6% after The Sunday Times reports the carrier is "leaning towards making a clean break" with Verizon (VZ), and that a Verizon Wireless deal could happen by summer. Talks are said to be "fluid and free-form," with Verizon shareholders standing in the way of a full-blown merger out of concerns about Vodafone's European ops. The paper also claims Vodafone execs have privately told investors they can "mitigate or eliminate" Vodafone's capital gains tax bill. (previous)

Mar. 25, 2013, 9:13 AM | 3 Comments
Vodafone (VOD -1.3%) is fine with a credit downgrade to BBB+ if that's the price it has to pay to go through with a compelling merger/acquisition, says CFO Andy Halford. That comment is being taken as a sign Vodafone doesn't feel any pressure to sell its 45% stake in Verizon Wireless (estimated value of $110B), which would do plenty to strengthen its balance sheet. Bernstein notes the amount of extra debt needed to produce a BBB+ rating would be enough to finance the purchase of German wireline carrier Kabel Deutschland, which Vodafone is reportedly eying.

Mar. 20, 2013, 4:04 PM | 1 Comment
Citi is excited by reports of Verizon (VZ +1.2%) attempting to buy out Vodafone's (VOD +1.4%) 45% stake in Verizon Wireless: analyst Michael Rollins has upgraded the carriers to Buy, and states a deal would yield "significant EPS and FCF accretion to Verizon in the first year under most of the scenarios we explored." Others on the Street think likewise. Mar. 18, 2013, 11:27 AM | 4 Comments
AT&T (T) could acquire Vodafone's (VOD) non-U.S. assets if reported talks between Verizon (VZ) and Vodafone lead to a merger, thinks BofA/Merrill. Analyst David Barden estimates $70B would be enough for AT&T, which has made its interest in foreign expansion clear, to buy Vodafone's giant collection of international mobile properties. (tower sales)

Mar. 15, 2013, 4:17 PM | 9 Comments
With its cable spectrum purchases on the books, Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) is planning to build 5K 4G cell sites this year in the AWS band, whose airwaves feature less range but more bandwidth than those in the 700 MHz. band where Verizon's 4G buildout has taken place. The expansion suggests Verizon is now focused on improving 4G capacity/speeds rather than coverage (where it has an edge). Separately, Wells Fargo says checks indicate Verizon is taking share from AT&T (T), that both are taking share from Sprint (S), and that Sprint is taking share from T-Mobile.

Mar. 15, 2013, 12:26 PM | 1 Comment
European carriers rally as continental equities move higher and an EU summit in which budget rules are taking center stage gets underway. FTE +6.1%. TEF +3.8%. TI +5.2%. VOD +2%. BT +5.4%. Mar. 14, 2013, 2:22 PM
Vodafone (VOD) and France Telecom's (FTE) Orange unit plan to invest €1B in a fiber-optic cable broadband network in Spain, indicating that the country's fixed-line Internet market is an area of growth despite its dire economic situation, which has caused Vodafone to write off over £16B since 2010. The company's investment appears to be part of a strategy to move into the fixed-line sector across Europe. Mar. 14, 2013, 5:31 AM
EU antitrust regulators are closing a preliminary inquiry into Europe's five largest cellular operators over the development of new technology standards, saying that it's satisfied that the carriers had provided their work to industry associations. The EU had been concerned that Vodafone (VOD), France Telecom (FTE), Telecom Italia (TI), Deutsche Telekom (DTEGF.PK) and Telefonica (TEF) would shut out their rivals.

Mar. 7, 2013, 6:31 AM
Verizon (VZ -0.7%) and Vodafone (VOD +1.1%) aren't currently talking about a Verizon Wireless deal, sources tell David Faber. That's not stopping Vodafone from adding to yesterday's gains. Nomura sees an equity-financed deal to buy Vodafone's stake at a $111B valuation lifting Verizon's 2013 EPS and FCF by 19% and 15%, respectively. However, the firm notes Vodafone would have to pay taxes when selling Verizon shares. David Einhorn has been bullish on Vodafone on account of its Verizon Wireless stake.

Mar. 6, 2013, 10:30 AM | 1 Comment
Verizon (VZ +0.9%) is bent on taking full control of Verizon Wireless this year, and has even discussed merging with Vodafone (VOD +3.9%) to achieve this goal, Bloomberg reports. Merger talks are said to have stalled over "disagreements on leadership and headquarters location," thus making a buyout or partial sale of Vodafone's 45% stake (estimated to be worth $115B) more likely. One source claims Vodafone is open to using the proceeds to make European acquisitions. (previous)

Mar. 5, 2013, 12:41 PM | 10 Comments
Leaks about Vodafone's (VOD) buyout interest in German cable operator Kabel Deutschland have "complicated internal discussions" and led Vodafone to put its efforts on ice for now, 3 sources tell Bloomberg. Though Vodafone could still make a bid at some point, there's no longer any timetable, and Kabel could strike a deal with another another carrier in the interim - KPN and Telefonica Deutschland (TEF) are seen as potential partners. Kabel -2.5% in Frankfurt.

Feb. 27, 2013, 9:37 AM | 2 Comments
Vodafone (VOD) CEO Vittorio Colao continues to act the tease over the carrier's intentions with regards to its 45% stake in Verizon Wireless, telling the WSJ that he doesn't know if the U.S. operator's ownership structure will be the same in a year's time. Verizon Communications (VZ), which owns 55% of Verizon Wireless, would "love" to take control, but the latter provides over half of Vodafone's adjusted operating profit.

Feb. 22, 2013, 2:51 AM
The U.K.'s auction of 4G spectrum has raised £2.34B, below the government's expectation of £3.5B and well below the £22B raised in a 3G auction in 2000. Five operators won spectrum, including Vodafone (VOD) with a bid of £791M, Everything Everywhere (DTEGF.PK, FTE) with £589M, Telefonica's (TEF) O2 with £550M, and BT's (BT) Niche with £186.5M. Feb. 20, 2013, 5:43 AM | 3 Comments
Vodafone (VOD -2.7%) opens lower in spite of a rally in European markets, thanks to a downgrade to Underperform from Bernstein. Shares are now within striking distance of their 52-week low of $24.95, thanks largely to pessimism about the carrier's European ops. Feb. 19, 2013, 10:00 AM | 7 Comments
Vodafone (VOD) buying Kabel Deutschland (KBDHY.OB) would be a sign its wireless-only strategy "is under severe threat" from converged solutions, Bernstein says, implying VOD "may well need to acquire further, expensive, fixed-line assets," and would bode badly for Deutsche Telekom (DTEGF.PK). Firm thinks VOD could look to add wireline assets in Spain, Germany and Italy, but not Liberty Global's (LBTYA). Feb. 14, 2013, 4:57 AM
Vodafone (VOD -2.1%) is reportedly interested in acquiring Kabel Deutschland (KBDHY.OB), which has a market cap of €6.3B after its shares jump 11.4% to €71.15 in Frankfurt following the speculation. It's not the first time Vodafone has looked at buying the cable network operator; any deal would add to the carrier's purchase of Cable & Wireless Worldwide in the U.K. Feb. 13, 2013, 8:11 AM | 3 Comments
Vodafone (VOD -1%) is launching a $6B debt offering: the carrier is selling $700M in 3-year floating rate notes to go with 3, 5, 10, and 30-year fixed rate notes. The fixed-rate debt carries implied reoffer yields ranging from 0.95%-4.45%. The offering comes 5 months after Vodafone sold $3B worth of 2017 and 2022 notes. Look for the company, which had £23.3B ($36.5B) in net debt at the end of 2012, to use the proceeds to finance the buildout of 4G networks for "technofreaks."

Feb. 11, 2013, 2:06 PM | 1 Comment
Vodafone (VOD) CEO Vittorio Colao isn't crazy about 4G: during his company's Q4 earnings call, he argued most consumers don't notice the difference between 3G and 4G speeds, and said he only saw "technofreaks" at an Everything Everywhere (FTE, DTEGY.PK) store. The likely motivation for Colao's remarks: EE has a major lead on Vodfaone in deploying 4G in the U.K. Heavy debt loads, plunging voice revenue, and a failure to command premium pricing for 4G have led Vodafone and other European carriers to drag their feet when it comes to deployments.

Feb. 8, 2013, 2:34 PM | 11 Comments
Vodafone (VOD): FQ3 revenues -2% to £11.39B vs consensus of £11.29B. Profit figures not provided. Results "continue to reflect very difficult market conditions in Europe," with Spain and Italy particularly hit, although growth in emerging markets continues. Data revenue +12.8% as European smartphone penetration rises to 33.4%. Shares +2.1% in London. (PR) Feb. 7, 2013, 3:33 AM | 1 Comment
The average mobile user gobbled up 201MB of data/month in 2012, more than twice the 92MB/month consumed in 2011, according to this year's update to Cisco's (CSCO) Visual Networking Index. Cisco predicts mobile data traffic will post a 66% CAGR from 2012-2017, with 47% of 2017 traffic coming from Asia-Pac, 46% being offloaded onto Wi-Fi gear and femtocells, and 66% stemming from mobile video (YouTube dominates). Key mobile infrastructure players: ERIC, ALU, FFIV, ALLT, PKT, RKUS, DRWI, CRNT  (last year: I, II)

Feb. 6, 2013, 12:51 PM | 2 Comments
Debt-laden European telcos are having a rough day following major declines in continental indices thanks to fresh Spanish and Italian woes. FTE -5.2%. TEF -4.7%. TI -5.7%. PT -5.8%. Vodafone (VOD -1.6%) is posting a relatively small decline in spite of being hit with a downgrade to Neutral from Citi. Feb. 4, 2013, 11:47 AM | 2 Comments
Vodafone (VOD) is at odds with the Indian government once again, assailing a decision to set the price of 800 MHz. spectrum (used by rival carriers) at 1/3 the price of 900 MHz. spectrum (used by Vodafone) as "illegal, discriminatory, and benefiting one set of players." Vodafone execs say they'll consider "all possible remedies, including legal recourse," if the government doesn't change its mind. Vodafone is also battling the government over tax payments and "excess spectrum" fees.

Jan. 31, 2013, 12:13 PM | 2 Comments
AT&T (T) continues its spectrum-buying binge by acquiring 700 MHz.-band spectrum from Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) in exchange for $1.9B and higher-frequency spectrum. The licenses AT&T is buying cover 42M people in 18 states, and will be used to deploy 4G services. The deal comes shortly after AT&T agreed to buy ATN's wireless ops and spectrum, and received an FCC green light to buy 2.3 GHz. spectrum from NextWave and others. Verizon agreed to sell a large chunk of 700 MHz. licenses in exchange for receiving FCC approval for its cable spectrum purchases.

Jan. 25, 2013, 10:56 AM | 1 Comment
To the chagrin of telecom equipment firms, Verizon (VZ +0.9%) is staying frugal with its capex: after spending $16.2B in 2012 (down slightly Y/Y in spite of a 4.5% revenue gain), the carrier forecasts 2013 capex will be flat Y/Y. Big Red also says it wants to lower wireless expenses by $2B, and forecasts a 2013 wireless EBITDA margin of 49%-50% (up from 2012's 46.6%). Lower smartphone subsidies are a goal (possibly bad news for Apple and Samsung), and stock buybacks aren't ruled out - a heavy debt load and cash distributions to Vodafone limit Verizon's flexibility here. (more) Jan. 22, 2013, 12:06 PM | 1 Comment
While EU regulators look for ways to improve the finances of struggling continental carriers, Vodafone (VOD -1.2%) says it could cut as much as 25% of its Spanish workforce, or 1K jobs. Vodafone's Spanish revenue, hurt by a contracting local economy that has ~25% unemployment, fell 12% Y/Y in the Sep. quarter. A £5.9B ($9.4B) charge was recently taken on the carrier's Spanish and Italian ops.

Jan. 14, 2013, 2:47 PM
EU regulators push ahead with efforts to harmonize telecom regulations across member states. Brussels is hoping to improve the financial health of European carriers and make it easier for ones serving different markets to merge, thereby reducing the pressure for ones in the same market(s) to consolidate. Already, debt-laden giants such as TEF, TI, and FTE have reportedly talked about pooling network resources, as they contend with slumping voice/text revenue brought about by macro issues and the impact of data services. Jan. 14, 2013, 1:30 PM
EU telecom commissioner Neelie Kroes plans to formulate reforms that will encourage the creation of a pan-European telecoms market and support cross-border consolidation as she looks to boost competition and investment. Measures could include those that promote the sharing of assets among telecom operators and using the infrastructure of other utilities. Last week, leading carriers said they would look at creating a regional network.

Jan. 14, 2013, 5:21 AM | 3 Comments
Since December 10, Vodafone (VOD) has spent £203.21M in repurchasing stock. Today, the mobile operator bought 5.65M shares on the the London Stock Exchange from Barclays Capital Securities at 164.27 pence each. Shares -0.15% at 164.25 pence in London. Jan. 11, 2013, 3:54 AM | 1 Comment
Though Verizon (VZ -0.3%) CEO Lowell McAdam recently suggested his company is able and willing to buy Vodafone's (VOD +0.8%) 45% stake in Verizon Wireless, he has since clarified "there's no discussions about it." With Vodafone's European ops not faring too well lately, the company might be in no rush to unload a stake in a share-gaining U.S. carrier that's making giant cash distributions. (smartphone activations) Jan. 9, 2013, 2:26 PM
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) says it expect to report 9.8M smartphone activations, "with a higher mix of Apple smartphones," for Q4. That figure is up 29% from the 7.7M smartphones activated a year ago, and 44% from the 6.8M activated in Q3 (46% of them were iPhones). Verizon's Y/Y growth rate is easily above that of AT&T (T - previous), which is more iPhone-dependent, but its Q/Q rate is slower. The smartphone sales, together with strong indirect channel growth, will lead to a slight Y/Y drop in EBITDA service margin. VZ -0.5%. AAPL -0.7%. (CEO remarks: I, II) Update: Verizon PR tells Seeking Alpha the iPhone mix was higher relative to both Q3 (46% of smartphone sales) and Q4 2011 (56%).

Jan. 9, 2013, 9:29 AM | 22 Comments
Vodafone (VOD +2.2%) spikes after Verizon (VZ +0.4%) CEO Lowell McAdam says his company is capable of digesting Vodafone's 45% stake in Verizon Wireless. "We have always said we would love to own all of that asset," he reminds us. The fact Verizon Wireless is now making giant cash distributions gives Verizon more incentive to make a deal, but the fact Verizon has $53B in debt complicates matters. McAdam also suggests Verizon won't be following T-Mobile's lead in eliminating phone subsidies. "I don't think U.S. consumers are ready to buy an iPhone for $700." Jan. 7, 2013, 2:56 PM | 8 Comments
India stokes the fires a bit on its long-running tax dispute with Vodafone (VOD), sending the cell-phone operator a notice that it owes over $2B on its $11.2 acquisition of a 67% stake in the Indian operations of Hutchison Whampoa in 2007. Vodafone continues to maintain that it owes the government zilch and says that the notice doesn't contain a deadline.

Jan. 6, 2013, 2:20 AM | 3 Comments
Vodafone (VOD) is hoping to win smartphone converts (and thereby grow its data revenue) in the U.K. prepaid market by launching Nearly New, a program that offers discounts on lightly-used devices. The service launches at a time when European carriers are seeing big declines in voice and text revenues, making smartphone data plan adoption a crucial matter.

Jan. 2, 2013, 1:10 PM
The latest stats show mobile data traffic growth isn't slowing down in developed countries, observes Tero Kuittinen: booming sales of tablets and large-screen Android phones seem to be responsible. It might be just a matter of time before all this traffic forces carriers to raise their capex - there are some signs it's already happening. That's good news for the likes of Ericsson (ERIC), Procera (PKT), and Ruckus Wireless (RKUS), but less so for European telcos struggling with giant debt loads and declining voice/text revenue.

Dec. 31, 2012, 6:00 PM
Spanish regulators have fined carriers Telefonica (TEF), Vodafone (VOD), and Orange (FTE) a combined €120M ($159M) for overcharging consumers for text messages from 2000-2009 via excessive termination rates. The fine comes as text messaging revenue nosedives in Spain and other European markets thanks to the rising popularity of WhatsApp, Skype, and other Web-based messaging solutions. Dec. 20, 2012, 11:42 AM
Vodafone (VOD), BT (BT), and Telefonica's (TEF) O2 are among seven bidders who will take part in the U.K. government's auction of 4G spectrum, which is due to kick off next month. Ofcom, the regulator, has put a £1.3B reserve price on the sale, although the there are estimates that it could bring in £3.5B. Holland's auction on Friday raised £3.1B.

Dec. 20, 2012, 4:55 AM
America Movil (AMX -0.6%), which owns 28% of Dutch carrier KPN, joined Vodafone (VOD -0.8%) in finishing lower following news the Dutch government raised a hefty €3.8B ($5B) via 4G spectrum auctions. European carriers Telefonica (TEF -0.8%), Telecom Italia (TI -0.8%), and France Telecom (FTE -0.7%) were also off. Meanwhile, Vodafone has decided to pull out of an Australian 4G auction that's expected to raise AU$4B ($4.2B), stating it will instead rely on existing holdings to deploy 4G.

Dec. 17, 2012, 5:55 PM
Vodafone (VOD) shares sink 2.9% in London after the company agreed to pay €1.4B for Dutch 4G spectrum in an auction that raised €3.8B in total from KPN, T-Mobile and Tele2, as well as from Vodafone. Investors are concerned about the amount operators are going to have to shell out in auctions across Europe, although cash-strapped governments are probably delighted.

Dec. 17, 2012, 6:37 AM | 1 Comment
Any acquisitions made by Verizon (VZ) will be in the "tens of millions of dollars" range, says CEO Lowell McAdam at a UBS conference - the fact regulators might frown on a large mobile purchase could be a reason why. McAdam also states Verizon is seeing its Q3 momentum extend into Q4, and that stock buybacks could arrive in 12-18 months. Unlike AT&T, Verizon has held off on making buybacks, in part because of the giant cash distributions made by Verizon Wireless. Dec. 4, 2012, 10:52 AM
Like many other carriers, Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) continues to stumble in its efforts to create popular home-grown Internet services. Less than a month after announcing it would shut down its Android/BlackBerry app store, Big Red says it's shuttering its V Cast mobile video service, provided in a variety of paid subscription service bundles. Instead, Verizon will promote its new Viewdini video search service, which aggregates content from Netflix, Hulu, and other third parties.

Dec. 3, 2012, 2:47 PM | 2 Comments
Vodafone (VOD +0.6%) is creating an enterprise unit that will be headed by the CEO of recently-acquired Cable & Wireless. The unit will handle Vodafone's deals with enterprises and other carriers, as well as its Web hosting, cloud, and machine-to-machine services. A variety of C&W businesses will be integrated. Vodafone expects to record integration costs of £500M related to the C&W acquisition by 2016, and sees these efforts delivering cash flow benefits of £150M-£200M by then.

Nov. 30, 2012, 11:01 AM
Vodafone (VOD) CEO Vittorio Colao says that the company regularly reviews what to do with its 45% stake in Verizon Wireless and that he can't rule out a sale of the asset. Such a move would tie in with Vodafone's global strategy of divesting minority stakes that it holds in carriers, but Verizon contributes over half the U.K. group's adjusted operating profit and is a major growth engine.

Nov. 15, 2012, 4:47 AM
More on Vodafone (VOD) H1: Organic service revenue growth -0.4%: N. Europe +1.5%, S. Europe -9.8%, AMAP +5.2%. To buy back £1.5B in shares. Expects to receive £2.4B dividend from Verizon Wireless by the end of the year, as per the latter's $8.5B payout to Verizon and Vodafone. Declares interim dividend of 3.27 pence, +7.2% from a year earlier. Shares -3% in London. (PR)

Nov. 13, 2012, 3:39 AM
Vodafone Group (VOD): Swings to H1 loss of £1.98B from a net profit of £6.68B last year, hit by impairments of £5.9B for Spanish and Italian ops due to tough conditions and increased discounts. Adjusted operating profit +8.5% to £6.2B. Revenue -7.4% to £21.78B vs consensus £21.82B. Says FY adjusted op profit should reach "upper half" of £11.1B-£11.9B range. (PR) Nov. 13, 2012, 3:27 AM | 1 Comment
Verizon Wireless says it will distribute an aggregate $8.5B to 55% owner Verizon (VZ) and 45% owner Vodafone (VOD) by year's end. A $10B distribution was made last year, but Verizon had been non-committal until now about a follow-up. VOD +2.2% AH. VZ +0.2%. (PR)

Nov. 12, 2012, 4:11 PM | 7 Comments
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) plans to finish its 4G LTE rollout by the middle of 2013, says CFO Fran Shammo. That's 6 months ahead of Verizon's original plan, and 18 months ahead of AT&T (T), which wants to offer LTE to 300M Americans by the end of 2014. Verizon plans to cover 260M people by year's end, well above AT&T's 150M. Shammo adds 13% of Verizon's customers now use its expensive shared data plans, and that he'd "love to see [Windows Phone 8] be a successful platform. (AT&T capex) Nov. 8, 2012, 11:41 AM
The EU is opening up 120 MHz. of spectrum currently used for 3G services for deploying 4G services. European carriers such as Vodafone (VOD), France Telecom (FTE), Telefonica (TEF), and Telecom Italia (TI), who have generally dragged their feet on deploying 4G, should be glad to hear that. Earlier this year, the EU signed off on freeing up spectrum used for analog TV services for 4G purposes by Jan. '13. Nov. 5, 2012, 6:47 PM | 2 Comments
Surprise, surprise: me-too efforts from carriers trying to compete with popular services from tech leaders (in order to maintain control over users) continue to fall flat. Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) is shutting down its Android/BlackBerry app store, which (from all indications) has seen very little activity relative to Google Play. Will the stumbling Isis mobile payments JV meet a similar fate? How about the global app store top carriers are reportedly mulling (assuming it launches)?

Nov. 5, 2012, 2:23 PM
VC firm Andreessen Horowitz just invested $15.5M in ItsOn, a startup hoping to change how carriers such as AT&T (T) and Verizon (VZ) charge for mobile data. Instead of charging users monthly for a bucket of data good for any app, consumers, carriers, and developers would be able to pay/bill for specific apps over various periods of time. Getting carriers to change is never easy, but the fact AT&T and others have already talked about per-app billing suggests ItsOn's approach could find some takers.

Oct. 30, 2012, 11:50 AM | 2 Comments
Regulators have signed off on Vodafone's (VOD) $691M purchase of New Zealand wireline carrier TestraClear. Vodafone plans to integrate TelstraClear, which owns fiber, local loop, and cable TV networks, with its New Zealand mobile ops. By doing so, the company hopes to challenge local wireline leader Telecom New Zealand. Oct. 30, 2012, 10:00 AM
Vodafone (VOD) is throwing its weight behind NFC-based mobile payments: the carrier has reached deals with mobile commerce tech provider CorFire and SIM card maker Gemalto to develop an NFC mobile wallet service that will be offered by the carrier's European units next year. Working in Vodafone's favor is the fact many mobile payments pioneers, such as Square, PayPal, and Google, are currently focusing on the U.S. But consumer enthusiasm for NFC has been very limited so far.

Oct. 29, 2012, 2:07 PM | 1 Comment
Vodafone Hutchinson Australia (VOD) expects to cut 10% of its 5K-strong workforce as it tries to pare losses. The hard-luck carrier, which is 50% owned by Vodafone, is in the midst of a giant base station upgrade meant to improve coverage and download speeds, and pave the way for a 4G rollout in 2013.

Oct. 29, 2012, 9:38 AM
The Indian government has confirmed plans to impose a fee as high as $4.24B on Vodafone (VOD) and other local carriers for "excess spectrum" they own. The move follows a Wednesday recommendation that some carrier re-bid for billions worth of spectrum purchased almost 20 years ago. The FT calls the move another blow for an industry that's "increasingly known for incompetent regulation, fierce price competition, stagnant revenues and ballooning debts." (VOD tax issues)

Oct. 19, 2012, 9:39 AM | 3 Comments
More from Verizon: CFO Fran Shammo says Verizon's capex is down 10% Y/Y thus far in 2012, and that Verizon's capex-to-revenue ratio, which has been in a long-term decline, will fall further. Telecom equipment companies, already struggling to cope with Verizon and AT&T's conservative capex mindset, won't be happy to hear that. Meanwhile, Vodafone (VOD) won't be glad to hear Verizon declare talk about a new Verizon Wireless dividend "premature."

Oct. 18, 2012, 9:21 AM
Telecom Italia (TI) says it will begin offering 4G LTE services in Italy on Nov. 7, though service will initially be limited to USB modems and tablets. Vodafone's (VOD) Italian unit plans to launch on Oct. 30. The carriers, whose Italian mobile arms have seen demand slump thanks to macro conditions and the cannibalizing effect of data services, are hoping 4G demand will provide a needed boost. (Blip Mobile)

Oct. 17, 2012, 5:28 PM
SoftBank's (SFTBF.PK) history suggests an acquisition of Sprint (S -1%) would mean big things for the U.S. mobile industry, notes Tero Kuittinen. Thanks to aggressive pricing, SoftBank managed to turn an also-ran Japanese carrier (the former Vodafone Japan) into the market's subscriber add leader shortly after acquiring it in '06, and has kept its lead since. Should AT&T (T) and Verizon (VZ), who seem happy to maintain premium pricing, be worried? (more)

Oct. 12, 2012, 4:59 PM | 8 Comments
Though its 4G coverage is quickly expanding, Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) doesn't plan on shutting down its 2G/3G CDMA network until 2021, says a company exec. Verizon's timetable speaks to the lengthy shelf lives older mobile technologies have, and is something Qualcomm (QCOM) is probably pleased to see, since it usually charges a higher royalty rate to OEMs for sales of 3G-capable devices (whether or not they also support 4G) than 4G-only devices.

Oct. 12, 2012, 2:32 PM | 1 Comment
Though Verizon (VZ -1.4%) is selling off in response to Sprint/SoftBank reports, Wells Fargo says its checks indicate Verizon Wireless' market share gains accelerated in Q3. Big Red reports on Oct. 18. (4G coverage edge)

Oct. 11, 2012, 12:29 PM
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) says it will offer 4G LTE services in 400 markets by Oct. 18, well ahead of the carrier's year-end target. AT&T (T), by contrast, promises to have LTE in just 100 markets by year's end. Time will tell whether Verizon's 4G coverage edge, which it has heavily promoted, will help it gain a disproportionate share of iPhone 5 sales, as some have predicted.

Oct. 9, 2012, 6:29 PM | 5 Comments
U.K. regulator Ofcom plans to commence its 4G LTE spectrum auction at year's end, with the hope of seeing the spectrum used to offer LTE services in 1H13. Vodafone (VOD) and O2 (TEF), who just saw regulators sign off on their network-sharing deal, must be pleased with the news, since it shortens the 4G head-start claimed by Everything Everywhere (FTE, DTEGY.PK), which is also expected to bid in the auction. Oct. 2, 2012, 5:47 PM
U.K. regulators have signed off on a network-sharing deal between Vodafone (VOD) and Telefonica's (TEF) O2 unit . The carriers plan to pool their infrastructure assets to create a "national grid" that promises to offer indoor 2G/3G coverage to 98% of Brits by 2015, and a similar amount of 4G LTE coverage by 2017. The news arrives as rival Everything Everywhere (FTE, [[DTEGY.PK) gets a head-start in rolling out LTE.

Oct. 1, 2012, 10:35 AM
The FCC has proposed rules for the 2014 auctioning of TV spectrum the mobile industry badly covets, as mobile data consumption continues soaring. One issue that bears close watching is how much spectrum the agency allows AT&T (T) and Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) to purchase. The carriers aren't happy with FCC plans to consider caps on the amount of spectrum a single carrier can own, but smaller rivals are all for it.

Sep. 28, 2012, 4:53 PM | 3 Comments
AT&T (T) accounted for 68% of U.S. iPhone 5 pre-orders from Sep. 14-16, estimates comScore. Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) is believed to account for 24%, and Sprint (S), whose stores are apparently selling out of iPhones, just 8%. AT&T benefits from having a much larger iPhone base, and comScore cautions Verizon grew its share of iPhone 4S orders over time. But the numbers are still encouraging for Ma Bell, given fears Verizon's superior LTE coverage would help it take share.

Sep. 21, 2012, 4:15 PM | 6 Comments
The allure of dividend-paying stocks has not gone unnoticed by Morningstar's top managers, especially with bond yields at historically low levels and interest rates bound to go up over the next several years. The "ultimate stock pickers" tab these 10 high dividend yielders: VOD, GSK, COP, LLY, NVS, MRK, INTC, PFE, SYY, PM. Sep. 18, 2012, 6:45 PM | 10 Comments
Vodafone (VOD), which has resisted setting aside money for a $2.2B tax bill in India, now says it may make a provision to cover legal risks. VOD is considering the need for a provision after an amendment by India’s government to its tax law made the company potentially liable for the payment, CFO Andy Halford says; a decision is expected by November. VOD -0.6% premarket.

Sep. 17, 2012, 8:05 AM | 1 Comment
Italian antitrust regulators are probing whether incumbent mobile carriers Telecom Italia (TI), Vodafone (VOD), and Wind are conspiring to keep Bip Mobile, a virtual carrier promising to undercut the incumbents when it launches this fall, out of the market. The Italian mobile market is already declining, and judging by the impact upstart carrier Free has had on the French market, Bip's arrival could lead to more pain.

Sep. 13, 2012, 1:58 PM
The iPhone 5 (AAPL) doesn't support the 4G LTE spectrum bands Vodafone (VOD) and O2 (TEF) plan to use in the U.K. Fortunately for the carriers, the U.K.'s 4G spectrum auction won't start until 2013, which means they may only have to wait a few months from the time their 4G buildouts start before the next iPhone arrives. Unfortunately for them, rival Everything Everywhere (FTE, DTEGY.PK) is already launching 4G in an existing band that the iPhone 5 does support. (previous)

Sep. 13, 2012, 12:40 PM
Verizon (VZ +1.5%) CFO Fran Shammo predicts the iPhone 5 will only produce a small margin hit for Verizon Wireless' Q4 results, in spite of its generous subsidies. A $30 smartphone upgrade fee announced in April could help cushion the impact. Shammo also claimed Verizon's shared data plans are leading to a smaller-than-expected near-term revenue drop because customer are purchasing larger data buckets. Verizon Wireless posted a Q2 EBITDA service margin of 49%.

Sep. 12, 2012, 6:43 PM | 1 Comment
Nokia (NOK) and AT&T (T) plan to begin selling the just-announced Lumia 920 and 820 on Nov. 2, sources tell TechRadar and The Verge. That's a few days after Microsoft's official launch date for Windows Phone 8. Yesterday, Verizon Wireless confirmed to the WSJ it will sell Nokia WP8 devices, but declined to provide specifics. Nokia, which sold off sharply following its phone announcements, hasn't provided any details about pricing or launch partners.

Sep. 7, 2012, 9:21 AM | 42 Comments
Ahead of the iPhone 5's launch, AT&T (T) announces it has extended 4G LTE coverage to 7 new markets; has expanded coverage in 2 markets; and plans to bring coverage to 47 other markets by year's end. Its PR department worked overtime to spread the news. Analysts have argued Verizon's (VZ, VOD) LTE coverage edge will allow it to take share from AT&T and Sprint (S) following the launch of the next iPhone, which is widely expected to support LTE.

Sep. 6, 2012, 2:44 PM | 1 Comment
Motorola Mobility (GOOG) and Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) introduce 3 new Android phones: the Droid RAZR HD (4.7" display), the RAZR MAXX HD (similar, but with bigger battery/more storage), and the Droid M (4.3" display). None of the phones have edge-to-edge displays, as was rumored, though Motorola is boasting the RAZR HD offers almost twice the talk time of Samsung's Galaxy S III. Samsung has been rapidly taking high-end Android share from Motorola and everyone else. (live blog) Sep. 5, 2012, 2:43 PM | 3 Comments
Vodafone (VOD -2.1%) slips after receiving a downgrade to Market Perform from Bernstein. SA's Qineqt offered a cautious take on the mobile carrier over the weekend, arguing heavy European exposure, call termination rate cuts, and a relatively steep valuation will limit upside. Sep. 4, 2012, 12:36 PM | 2 Comments
Sprint's (S) marketing department continues promoting the carrier's cost advantage relative to AT&T and Verizon. Having long taken aim at Ma Bell and Big Red's data caps, Sprint's latest ad (video) skewers their expensive shared data plans. Sprint's Q2 subscriber data suggests its marketing efforts are starting to bear fruit, but it now has to contend with T-Mobile's revival of its unlimited data plan, and a price cut from MetroPCS.

Aug. 31, 2012, 5:18 PM | 5 Comments
Ahead of an auction for spectrum owned by TV broadcasters, the FCC is planning to review its rules for determining if a carrier owns too much spectrum. The FCC helped derail the AT&T/T-Mobile merger partly because of spectrum concerns, and also required major concessions from Verizon to approve its spectrum purchases from cable providers. AT&T is (officially, at least) praising the news, but so are smaller carriers such as Sprint (S), who argue current rules don't differentiate between bands.

Aug. 31, 2012, 1:47 PM | 5 Comments
At the end of Q2, Verizon Wireless' (VZ, VOD) 4G LTE network covered 230M people. That puts Big Red well ahead of AT&T (T) and (especially) Sprint (S) when it comes to 4G availability, and leads Jefferies to think the arrival of a 4G iPhone (AAPL) could be a "game changer" for the carrier. The firm thinks Verizon could sell 5M next-gen iPhone units in September, and a whopping 15M in Q4. Wells Fargo argued yesterday that a mass exodus of AT&T iPhone subs is unlikely.

Aug. 30, 2012, 6:28 PM | 8 Comments
Mobile payments JV Isis is on track to launch in September, says the CEO of Verifone (PAY), which will be handling transaction processing for the platform. Isis, formed by AT&T (T), Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD), and T-Mobile, enters a crowded mobile payments landscape that has already seen Square and PayPal make huge moves. Also, as Google can vouch, Isis' use of NFC chips could be a handicap, given limited phone and merchant support.

Aug. 28, 2012, 5:03 PM
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) received top marks in J.D. Power's annual study of U.S. mobile network quality. Big Red was said to have the best network in 5 of the 6 regions covered in the study, which measures issues such as dropped call rates and Web connection errors. U.S. Cellular (USM) was named the best carrier in the "North Central" region, while AT&T (T) was declared the worst carrier in 4 of 6 regions. Verizon is hoping its network will allow it to maintain premium pricing.

Aug. 24, 2012, 1:09 PM | 1 Comment
As expected, the FCC has approved Verizon Wireless' (VZ, VOD) spectrum purchase deals with Comcast (CMCSA), Time Warner Cable (TWC), and other cable providers, thereby removing the final hurdle to their clearing. The DOJ gave its approval last week, following concessions related to the companies' reseller deals. Verizon says it will now move forward with plans to sell blocks of 700 MHz. spectrum. (PR)

Aug. 23, 2012, 4:15 PM
Motorola Mobility's (GOOG) next flagship phone will be called the Droid M and be sold by Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) for a subsidized $150, BGR reports. The phone, expected to be unveiled at a Sep. 5 event, is rumored to feature a Qualcomm (QCOM) Snapdragon processor - its predecessor, the Droid RAZR, runs on a Texas Instruments (TXN) OMAP processor. The Droid M will face stiff competition from Samsung's blockbuster Galaxy S III, not to mention the next iPhone. (more on Qualcomm: I, II).

Aug. 23, 2012, 1:51 PM | 1 Comment
MetroPCS (PCS -5.2%) and Leap Wireless (LEAP -3.5%) slide after T-Mobile decides to revive its unlimited data plans. Sprint (S -1.5%) is off slightly. Low-end carriers have clearly decided to challenge market leaders AT&T (T) and Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) on price, hoping the latter's de facto price hikes will leave them vulnerable. Will the AT&T/Verizon "duopoly" continue gaining share, or are their latest pricing moves an act of hubris that will backfire?

Aug. 22, 2012, 11:29 AM | 12 Comments
Vodafone (VOD) isn't happy with U.K. regulator Ofcom's decision to give rival Everything Everywhere (FTE, DTEGY.PK) the go-ahead to offer 4G services in the 1800 MHz. band, currently used for 2G/3G services. The approval means EE will get a head-start on Vodafone and other British carriers, who are planning to use 800 MHz. and 2.6 GHz. spectrum due to be sold in an auction early next year to deploy 4G.

Aug. 21, 2012, 5:44 PM
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) claims 64 companies are interested in acquiring 700 MHz. spectrum it plans to sell once the FCC gives its expected approval to the company's cable spectrum purchases. That's up from 36 in May. AT&T (T - previous) and U.S. Cellular (USM) are among those who have already expressed interest, though T-Mobile and others have questioned the value of the spectrum, which could interfere with a TV channel.

Aug. 20, 2012, 12:43 PM | 1 Comment
Motorola Mobility (GOOG) and Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) have scheduled a Sep. 5 announcement they boast will be "the day's main event" - that's a shot at Nokia, which is widely expected to announce Windows Phone 8 hardware that day. Many predict the companies will unveil the Droid RAZR HD, a device rumored to sport a high-end display and 13MP camera.

Aug. 17, 2012, 6:35 PM | 3 Comments
Verizon CFO Fran Shammo predicts his company will continue to see postpaid subscriber adds accelerate in Q3 and seasonally strong Q4 - Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) reported 880K postpaid net adds in Q2, well above a 660K consensus, and Q1's 501K. Shammo also claims Verizon has "found a niche" in the prepaid market with its $50/month Unleashed plans, though (in-line with Verizon's general strategy) the company doesn't plan on matching price cuts from PCS and LEAP. (earlier)

Aug. 16, 2012, 6:20 PM
The DOJ has officially cleared Verizon Wireless' (VZ, VOD) spectrum-purchase deals with Comcast (CMCSA), Time Warner Cable (TWC), and other cable providers. As was previously reported, the approval comes with the condition Verizon and the cable providers don't re-sell each other services in FiOS areas, along with other stipulations to guarantee competition. The FCC is now in favor of approving the deal.

Aug. 16, 2012, 1:27 PM | 3 Comments
BofA/Merrill is downgrading Vodafone (VOD -1.2%) to Hold. While liking Vodafone's top-line growth and dividend yield, the firm is worried about slumping Italian profits, Indian spectrum costs, a relatively high P/E (currently 14), and the potential end of 45%-owned Verizon Wireless (VZ) and AT&T's (T) duopoly power in the U.S.

Aug. 15, 2012, 2:36 PM | 5 Comments
As part of a settlement with the FCC, Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) has agreed to stop blocking its customers from downloading tethering and mobile hotspot apps from Android Market. The settlement threatens Verizon's lucrative hotspot and 4G modem subscriptions. A similar deal with AT&T (T) could soon follow. Apple has thus far blocked tethering/hotspot apps from the App Store at the request of carriers. Jul. 31, 2012, 5:10 PM | 4 Comments
Telefonica (TEF -8.6%), Telecom Italia (TI -5.9%), and France Telecom (FTE -4%) slump following Vodafone's (VOD -2.3%) disappointing FQ1 report. The carrier reported Y/Y revenue declines of 7.7% and 10%, respectively, for its Italian and Spanish ops. A downbeat Spanish GDP forecast and a general selloff in Euro stocks probably aren't helping either.

Jul. 20, 2012, 11:25 AM | 3 Comments
Vodafone (VOD): FQ1 service revenue +0.6% vs. consensus of +0.8%. Total sales -7.7% to £10.77B vs. £10.91B consensus. From the conference call: "[I]t’s difficult to be hugely optimistic about the near term changes in things... Our sense is we should prepare the business for a few more quarters that are going to be reasonably tough." Shares -2.9% in London. (PR) Jul. 20, 2012, 4:17 AM | 1 Comment
Notable earnings before Friday’s open: AEP, ALV, BHI, FHN, GE, IR, SLB, STI, VOD, XRX Jul. 20, 2012, 12:05 AM
Notable earnings before Friday’s open: AEP, ALV, BHI, FHN, GE, IR, SLB, STI, VOD, XRX Jul. 19, 2012, 5:30 PM
Verizon (VZ -1.7%) says it won't be discussing a dividend payment for Vodafone (VOD -0.5%) when its board meets next week - a decision is required by year's end. Vodafone received a $4.5B special dividend last year related to its 45% stake in Verizon Wireless. The remarks come as Verizon Wireless wins accolades for its strong Q2 performance. The carrier's postpaid ARPU of $56.13 (+3.7% Y/Y) beat a consensus of $55.82, and postpaid net adds of 888K beat a consensus of 724K.

Jul. 19, 2012, 11:33 AM | 1 Comment
Verizon (VZ -2.1%) slips following its Q2 report. Big Red says it sold 2.7M iPhones (AAPL) in the quarter, down from Q1's 3.2M and Q4's 4.3M, albeit while adding 25% of sales are to new customers. Android sales came in at 2.9M. Deutsche is disappointed by Verizon's FiOS net adds, but is pleased with ARPUs and wireless margins. Moreover, 2012 capex is now expected to be "flat to down," - good for VZ's cash flow, but not for struggling telecom equipment firms. T -1.4%. S +1.4%.

Jul. 19, 2012, 9:53 AM | 1 Comment
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) has added 4G LTE coverage for 33 new markets, and has expanded coverage for 32 existing markets, including some big ones. Verizon says it's on track to provide LTE to 400 markets by year's end, up from a current 337. By contrast, AT&T (T) currently offers LTE in just 47 markets. Sprint (S), which until now has been relying on Clearwire's WiMAX 4G network, just began providing LTE in 15 metro areas.

Jul. 18, 2012, 6:48 PM | 3 Comments
To no one's surprise, AT&T (T) is following Verizon Wireless' (VZ, VOD) lead in rolling out shared data plans featuring unlimited voice and text. The plans are nearly as costly as Verizon's - 1GB shared between a smartphone and a tablet costs $95/month, and 4GB costs $120/month. However, unlike Verizon's plans, Ma Bell's won't be required for upgrading users. Sprint (S), trying to maintain its cost edge, has said it won't follow suit. (PR) (T/VZ "duopoly") (price signaling)

Jul. 18, 2012, 9:27 AM | 8 Comments
European shares are at their lowest valuation relative to the U.S. in 40 years, says BCA Research, which advises not pulling the trigger until a "market riot" finally forces the ECB to become more like the Fed. Ideas: Total (TOT) and Shell (RDS.A) sell at far lower multiples and higher yields than XOM. Sanofi (SNY) and Siemens (SI) - stunningly cheap. Jul. 17, 2012, 1:08 PM | 1 Comment
Vodafone's (VOD) Indian unit, which has already clashed with local authorities over tax issues, is opposing a government plan to charge a fee (determined by auction) to use spectrum in the the 1800 MHz. band (currently used for 2G services) to offer 3G and 4G services. Vodafone argues its original license for the airwaves covers the right to offer more advanced services. Jul. 16, 2012, 2:02 PM | 1 Comment
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) launches GameTanium, a service that delivers 100 smartphone games and 50 tablet games on-demand to subscribers using Android devices for $5.99/month. It's another example of carrier attempts to profit from delivering value-added mobile content and services, rather than merely acting as "dumb pipes" for the content/services of others. These efforts have seen limited success in the post-iPhone era. (also)

Jul. 13, 2012, 1:36 PM | 4 Comments
The DOJ's fears about the impact of Verizon Wireless' (VZ, VOD) reseller deals with cable providers on broadband pricing are reportedly leading it to stall Verizon's spectrum purchases, even as the FCC is ready to sign off. DOJ antitrust officials worry the reseller deals amount to non-compete agreements that will limit consumer broadband options, particularly in areas where Verizon's FiOS service isn't offered.

Jul. 13, 2012, 10:09 AM
Vodafone (VOD) buys Telstra's struggling New Zealand operations for NZ$840M ($670M). The unit serves only 16% of New Zealand's broadband market, but with Vodafone's backing it will now be able to compete much more aggressively with dominant player Telecom New Zealand (NZT). Jul. 12, 2012, 3:07 AM | 8 Comments
The FCC is reportedly close to approving Verizon Wireless' (VZ, VOD) controversial spectrum purchases from cable providers - Verizon's recent spectrum swap with T-Mobile appears to have mollified FCC concerns about competitive balance. However, the DOJ is still concerned about the impact of Verizon's reseller deals on broadband pricing, and the potential of a "joint operating entity" to create proprietary technologies that lock out rivals. (also)

Jul. 11, 2012, 1:17 PM | 1 Comment
That Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) and AT&T (T) are engaging in price signaling - a situation where rivals quickly match each others' price changes - now seems to be admitted even by company execs. AT&T's axing of unlimited data was followed by Verizon doing the same, and all signs point to AT&T following Verizon's lead in migrating to costly shared data plans. With Sprint (S) and T-Mobile (DTEGY.PK) offering weak competition, this situation could continue for a while.

Jul. 9, 2012, 2:48 PM | 6 Comments
RIM (RIMM) is under pressure from mobile phone companies, including AT&T (T) and Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD), to cut carrier fees. It's a real pain point for RIM, as the fees generate $4.1B annually and account for more than a third of the BlackBerry maker's revenue. Analysts say that figure could drop to $2.8B in FY'14.

Jul. 4, 2012, 9:10 AM | 28 Comments
Vodafone (VOD) and Hutchison Whampoa (HUWHY.PK) are negotiating to combine their cellular networks in Ireland, Bloomberg reports. Any deal would add to similar agreements between operators in Europe, such as one between Vodafone and Telefonica's O2 unit in the U.K., as carriers look to lower costs and offer faster downloads. Jul. 4, 2012, 3:59 AM
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) has stopped subsidizing its 4G tablets. This won't do anything to boost interest in its costly shared data plans, or to increase the low share of 3G/4G tablets within the overall tablet market. The latter is a problem for chipmakers such as Qualcomm (QCOM), Skyworks (SWKS), and TriQuint (TQNT), who often see their components go into 3G/4G tablets, but rarely Wi-Fi-only models.

Jul. 3, 2012, 4:48 PM | 1 Comment
Vodafone (VOD -0.1%) underperforms after Jefferies downgrades shares to Hold. The downgrade comes as Bloomberg reports Michael Combes, the head of Vodafone's Euro ops, has backtracked on plans to become the head of Vivendi's (VIVHY.PK) SFR phone division, out of a belief he would have little chance of becoming Vivendi's CEO. Yesterday, Vivendi said CEO Jean-Bertrand Levy would be stepping down due to differences with the board. Jun. 29, 2012, 11:50 AM | 1 Comment
Vodafone (VOD) reorganizes its European ops into two groups, Northern & Central Europe and Southern Europe. The company appoints Philipp Humm as CEO of the northern division following his defection from T-Mobile USA and Paolo Bertoluzzo as head of the southern ops. Bertoluzzo will also stay as CEO of Vodafone Italy. Jun. 28, 2012, 6:23 AM | 2 Comments
The FCC is taking a favorable view of Verizon Wireless' (VZ, VOD) planned spectrum swap with T-Mobile (DTEGY.PK), sources tell the Washington Post. The deal, which features spectrum considered more valuable than what Verizon was previously trying to hawk to T-Mobile and others, could lead to Verizon's controversial spectrum purchases from cable providers being approved.

Jun. 26, 2012, 1:00 PM
Vodafone (VOD +0.1%) has avoided paying a £1B in U.K. taxes over the past decade even though the company's revenues have soared, a Reuters investigation finds. Among the accounting techniques Vodafone uses to reduce its profit in Britain are inter-company loans, the interest payments on which are tax deductible.

Jun. 26, 2012, 12:12 PM | 3 Comments
In-line with an earlier note, William Blair's Anil Doradia claims Motorola's (GOOG) Droid RAZR MAXX outsold the iPhone at Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) in June, thanks to Big Red's efforts to promote 4G device sales. The next iPhone (AAPL) is expected to support 4G, and could lead to a change-of-heart at Verizon. Meanwhile, a T-Mobile (DTEGY.PK) exec has reportedly told employees the struggling carrier won't receive the iPhone this year.

Jun. 26, 2012, 11:35 AM
The bad times may be about to get worse for European mobile carriers. Thanks to a bleak macro environment and triple-digit penetration rates (the result of consumers owning multiple devices), some countries are actually reporting subscriber declines. Meanwhile, competition remains intense, and mobile data adoption is both pressuring voice revenue and leading to escalating capex needs. This could prove a toxic mix for debt-laden incumbents such as TEF, TI, and  FTE.

Jun. 25, 2012, 7:06 PM
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) and T-Mobile USA (DTEGY.PK) reach a spectrum-exchange deal involving assets in the AWS band. The deal features a net spectrum gain for T-Mobile and a cash payment to Verizon, and includes spectrum Verizon is buying from cable providers and LEAP. Verizon is doubtlessly hoping the deal will convince the FCC to sign off on its spectrum purchases, which are being reviewed and have faced Congressional and industry opposition.

Jun. 25, 2012, 9:22 AM | 2 Comments
Vodafone (VOD +0.4%) gets yanked from Goldman's Conviction Buy list. The firm cites the fact Vodafone has outperformed its peers - shares effectively tread water in spring while most European telcos sold off - thanks to strong results and guidance for both its own ops and 45%-owned Verizon Wireless. Nonetheless, Goldman continues to call Vodafone its top pick among incumbent Euro telcos, due to its growth profile and balance sheet.

Jun. 22, 2012, 12:01 PM | 3 Comments
Sprint (S) is unlikely to follow Verizon Wireless' (VZ, VOD) lead in migrating to shared data plans, execs tell Nomura's Mike McCormack, who maintains a Neutral on the company due to debt and competition concerns. Verizon's plans, which will lead to higher bills for many upgrading users, have faced plenty of criticism. AT&T (T) is expected to make a similar move.

Jun. 21, 2012, 1:23 PM
Vodafone's (VOD) $1.6B takeover of Cable & Wireless Worldwide looks set to move forward after C&WW's largest shareholder dropped its opposition. The news that holders of 59% of C&WW's shares had already backed the takeover prompted institutional investor Orbis to add its 19% stake to the pile.

Jun. 18, 2012, 5:36 AM
AT&T (T) CEO Randall Stephenson says his company is interested in buying the 700 MHz. spectrum Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) has offered to sell in order to win FCC approval of its spectrum purchases from cable providers. Consider this one more example of AT&T and Verizon, increasingly referred to as "duopolists," supporting each other on regulatory matters. T-Mobile and other opponents of Verizon's purchases have questioned the value of its 700 MHz. spectrum. (earlier)

Jun. 12, 2012, 5:21 PM | 1 Comment
"We all live in an ATTizon duopoly now. And they will do with us what they please," writes Tero Kuittinen after looking at Verizon's (VZ, VOD) shared data plans. He sees the plans, which increase the minimum a smartphone user looking to upgrade has to pay to $90/month from a current $70/month, as an attempt to prevent voice/text revenues from being eroded by mobile apps (previous), and thinks they're fueled by a belief "Sprint and T-Mobile are now so weak they offer no effective competition." (also)

Jun. 12, 2012, 1:35 PM | 19 Comments
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) introduces its anticipated shared data plans. The plans, which come bundled with unlimited voice and text messaging, aren't cheap: a user wanting to share 2GB/month between a smartphone and a tablet, for example, will have to pay $110/month. AT&T (T) has hinted it will also offer shared data plans. (PR)

Jun. 12, 2012, 9:18 AM | 8 Comments
Verizon Wireless' (VZ, VOD) efforts to promote 4G devices have led Motorola's (GOOG) Droid RAZR MAXX to surpass the iPhone (AAPL) as its top-selling model, claims William Blair's Anil Doradio after conducting checks. However, he believes the iPhone remains AT&T and Sprint's best-selling device, and expects the arrival of a 4G model to act as "an important catalyst" for Apple. (also)

Jun. 11, 2012, 11:01 AM | 3 Comments
In addition to prepping shared data plans, AT&T (T) and Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) are considering more complex billing schemes, reports Tero Kuittinen after talking with sources. Among the options being weighed are pricing tiers that vary based on download speeds and peak hour use, and content-specific pricing. He sees these moves causing big changes in corporate spending. Tangoe (TNGO), a maker of enterprise software for managing telecom spending, could benefit. (yesterday)

Jun. 6, 2012, 2:45 PM | 1 Comment
In spite of fears AT&T (T) and Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) will drastically change their iPhone (AAPL) upgrade policies, Piper's Gene Munster predicts they'll merely require a 20-month waiting period between upgrades, compared with 18 months required for the 4S. As a result, he still forecasts 49M iPhone shipments for Apple's December quarter (+32% Y/Y). Meanwhile, Barclays and Wedge Partners offer previews of what to expect at Apple's upcoming developer conference. (Canaccord)

Jun. 5, 2012, 6:37 PM | 1 Comment
U.S. carriers are desperate to keep ARPUs from falling even as voice usage plummets in the face of growing text messaging and e-mail use. Their solution: phase out calling plans that offer a bundle of minutes in favor of more costly unlimited plans. AT&T (T) and Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) both reported Y/Y declines in voice revenue in Q1, though this was offset by higher mobile data revenue. AT&T's CEO recently suggested the industry would eventually see data-only plans. Jun. 5, 2012, 6:19 PM | 3 Comments
Data-only mobile phone plans are inevitable, says AT&T (T) CEO Randall Stephenson at a Bernstein conference (webcast). Under such plans, a subscriber would presumably rely on VoIP services such as Skype for calls. Stephenson adds AT&T plans to experiment with app-based data pricing and shared data plans - Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) has already promised shared data plans by mid-summer.

Jun. 1, 2012, 1:47 PM | 2 Comments
Vodafone (VOD), AT&T (T), Verizon (VZ), Telefonica (TEF), and Deutsche Telekom (DTEGY.PK) are joining forces to create what would effectively be a common mobile app store, Light Reading reports. The upshot: carriers are trying to take back a measure of the control they lost to Apple (AAPL) and Google (GOOG) over the distribution of mobile content, and perhaps generate some extra revenue along the way. It won't be easy. May 30, 2012, 5:12 PM | 4 Comments
FCC wireless bureau chief Rick Kaplan, who was responsible for handling the commission's review of the failed AT&T/T-Mobile merger, is resigning. The resignation, effective mid-June, could have implications for the FCC's review of Verizon Wireless' (VZ, VOD) spectrum purchase deals with cable providers, and perhaps also Dish Networks' (DISH) 4G network plans. Kaplan will be replaced by former bureau chief Ruth Milkman.

May 30, 2012, 1:26 PM
Verizon Wireless' (VZ, VOD) spectrum purchases from cable providers will likely be approved in spite of intense scrutiny and criticism, analysts and industry insiders maintain. Verizon's offer to sell blocks of 700 MHz. spectrum are seen as an adequate compromise (though T-Mobile isn't  interested). However, yesterday, Senator Herb Kohl wrote a letter expressing concerns about the purchases, and the accompanying reseller deals. The FCC's review of the deal is set to end on August 7.

May 25, 2012, 9:33 AM
As Dish Network (DISH) tells the FCC to wait until at least 2016 for a 4G network launch, MetroPCS (PCS) and T-Mobile (DTEGY.PK) are calling for the agency to require Dish to sell half of its 40 MHz. of spectrum. Like others, the carriers think Dish will try to sell some or all of its spectrum to Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD and/or AT&T (T), thereby putting smaller rivals at a disadvantage. May 22, 2012, 1:17 PM
More on Vodafone (VOD) earnings: Takes impairment charge of £4B related to Southern Europe ops vs. £6.15B last year. Forecasts this FY's adjusted op profit at £11.1B-£11.9B vs. £11.5B last FY. Raises dividend 7% to 9.52 pence, excluding Verizon Wireless payout.

May 22, 2012, 5:51 AM | 1 Comment
Vodafone (VOD): FY 2011/2012 EBITDA -1.3% to £14.48B vs. forecasts of £14.5B; revenue +1.2% to £46.42B vs. $46.2B; net profit -13% to £6.96B. Shares +1.85% in London. (PR) May 22, 2012, 5:40 AM | 1 Comment
Nomura's James Britton is reiterating a Buy on Vodafone (VOD) ahead of the international carrier's Tuesday FQ4 report, but isn't exactly giving a ringing endorsement. Britton is worried Vodafone will withdraw its prior guidance for 1%-4% annual revenue growth, which in turn could affect its margin outlook, and believes there will be new scrutiny over its 5.6% dividend yield. Nonetheless, he likes Vodafone for its Verizon Wireless and enterprise exposure, and low valuation.

May 17, 2012, 11:44 AM | 1 Comment
Verizon Wireless' (VZ, VOD) shared data plans, due mid-summer, will be "very different, very innovative, something that really hasn’t been tried before in the industry," boasts Verizon CFO Fran Shammo. 3G/4G tablet makers, whose sales have been crippled by current mobile data plans, hope he isn't bluffing. As part of the move, Verizon will be eliminating unlimited data plans for 3G users who upgrade to 4G. May 16, 2012, 4:56 PM | 1 Comment
The FCC said yesterday it needs more details from Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) on its offer to sell some wireless spectrum if/when regulators approve its plan to purchase another set of airwaves for $3.9B. The FCC wants more info on the link between the two deals by May 22.

May 16, 2012, 4:59 AM
Bernstein's Craig Moffett issues a downbeat note on the U.S. wireless industry: like others, he believes the industry saw a small Q1 net decline in postpaid subs (35K), and notes the decline is much larger (635K) if one just focuses on handset subs. Moreover, Moffett thinks ARPUs, which have been propped up by smartphone adoption, will be pressured now that sales growth is slowing, and sees more pain for struggling prepaid carriers LEAP and PCS.

May 15, 2012, 4:58 PM | 1 Comment
AT&T's (T) wireless customer satisfaction score rose 5 points to 69 in the ACSI's annual survey. That puts it nearly on par with Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD), whose score of 70 represents a 3-point drop, and Sprint (S), which dropped a point to 71. Apple (AAPL) posted the highest score among cell phone vendors at 83, while Research In Motion (RIMM) had the lowest at 69.

May 15, 2012, 1:32 PM | 3 Comments
With the U.S. mobile industry nearing saturation, wireless carriers appear to have seen a net decline in postpaid subscribers in seasonally weak Q1, as gains for AT&T (T) and Verizon (VZ, VOD) were offset by losses for Sprint (S), T-Mobile (DTEGY.PK), and others. Slowing smartphone sales were a major culprit.

May 14, 2012, 12:58 PM | 2 Comments
AT&T (T) follows Verizon's (VZ, VOD) lead in promising it will introduce shared data plans that encompass multiple devices, though no details are provided. The moves might finally kick-start sales of 3G/4G tablets (a positive for QCOM and other mobile baseband/radio chipmakers), which have remained weak as consumers balk at paying for multiple data plans.

May 9, 2012, 2:24 PM
The FCC and DOJ continue to have concerns about Verizon Wireless' (VZ, VOD) plans to buy spectrum from cable providers, sources tell Bloomberg, leading to speculation a go-ahead won't come quickly. Sprint, T-Mobile, and many rural carriers are opposed to the deals, declaring them an attempt to keep rivals from effectively competing. Verizon continues to assert it needs the spectrum to deal with soaring data traffic. (also)

May 9, 2012, 10:31 AM | 1 Comment
India confirms that it plans to demand $3.75B from Vodafone (VOD -1.4%) on its purchase of a local cellphone carrier in 2007 if the upper house OKs a bill to tax retroactively some overseas mergers going back to 1962. The lower house passed the measure yesterday; the President also needs to approve this surefire way of killing investment. (previous)

May 9, 2012, 9:43 AM | 2 Comments
Though Tim Cook recently downplayed fears aired by BTIG and others that iPhone (AAPL) subsidies will decline, carriers are taking steps to limit the margin hit smartphone subsidies exact. While U.S. carriers are making indirect moves such as hiking data plan rates and establishing upgrade fees, Telefonica (TEF) and Vodafone (VOD) have discontinued subsidies for new customers in recession-hit Spain. Carriers around the world are paying close attention. (also) May 7, 2012, 6:41 PM | 8 Comments
CNNMoney's David Goldman talked with 10 Verizon (VZ, VOD) sales reps, and found all of them recommending he buy a 4G LTE Android model instead of an iPhone. Others report similar experiences. Verizon probably isn't motivated by hostility towards Apple (AAPL), but by an interest in offloading its surging mobile data traffic onto its high-capacity LTE network. It recently mentioned all of its future smartphone releases will support LTE.

May 7, 2012, 9:14 AM | 41 Comments
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) has launched an $80/month prepaid plan featuring unlimited voice and text, and 1GB of data. That likely contributed to today's weakness in Leap Wireless (LEAP -3.9%), which stands in Verizon's crosshairs. Leap and fellow discount carrier MetroPCS (PCS +4.1%) were crushed on Thusrday after reporting major net add drops. Barclays predicts the nationwide giants will continue taking prepaid share.

Apr. 30, 2012, 4:24 PM
A check of fund flows in Europe shows the first positive money going into telecoms in 2 years, notes the team at HSBC, which also notes international funds remain underweight the sector. Not surprisingly, what money is flowing is going into northern Europe, but the Club Med states are catching up. Some telecom picks.

Apr. 27, 2012, 11:25 AM | 2 Comments
Samsung (SSNLF.PK) discloses its anticipated Galaxy S III phone will feature a 1.4 GHz. quad-core Exynos CPU. Samsung's growing use of its own processors within its Android phones, together with its surging market share, present a problem for QCOM, NVDA, and TXN, each of whom dream of dominating the Android app processor space. BGR notes Verizon (VZ, VOD) plans to to carry the S III, as well as an HTC phone with a 5" display and quad-core Qualcomm CPU.

Apr. 26, 2012, 12:47 PM
T-Mobile (DTEGY.PK) questions Verizon Wireless' (VZ, VOD) claim that it needs the spectrum it plans to acquire from cable companies, noting in an FCC brief (.pdf) Verizon isn't fully utilizing the spectrum it already owns. The carrier also joins others in arguing the spectrum Verizon has offered to sell is of little value. Sprint, DirecTV, and some Congressmen are also opposed to Verizon's spectrum purchases.

Apr. 24, 2012, 1:51 PM
Vodafone (VOD) agrees to buy Cable & Wireless Worldwide for £1.04 ($1.7B) in cash, allowing Vodafone to offload surging Internet traffic in the U.K. to a fixed network with more capacity. (PR)

Apr. 23, 2012, 2:51 AM | 1 Comment
Verizon Wireless' (VZ, VOD) offer to sell some 700 MHz. spectrum in exchange for regulatory approval of its controversial spectrum purchase/reseller deals with cable providers might not amount to much: the spectrum is incompatible with current Verizon phones, only covers smaller markets, and could interfere with TV channel 51. Rival nationwide carriers are unlikely to show much interest.

Apr. 20, 2012, 4:09 PM
Cable & Wireless Worldwide has extended the deadline for Vodafone (VOD) to make a bid for the U.K. company until Monday from yesterday. Aside from gaining C&W's fixed-line network, Vodafone could also possibly benefit from a £5.2B "capital loss" that is in theory permanently available to C&W to reduce the tax payable on U.K. profits.

Apr. 20, 2012, 6:21 AM
Vodafone (VOD) has until this afternoon to make an offer for Cable & Wireless Worldwide, with the mobile carrier the only bidder after Tata (TCL) yesterday pulled out of the race having failed to agree a price. Buying C&W, which is worth about $1.2B, would allow Vodafone to offload surging Internet traffic in the U.K. to a fixed network with more capacity. (previous)

Apr. 19, 2012, 3:57 AM
Nomura reiterates a Buy on Vodafone (VOD), expecting shares to get a lift from a solid FQ4 report (due next month) and Verizon Wireless' (VZ) continued strength. The firm also sees Euro service revenue growth picking up due to less pressure from mobile termination rate cuts, though it's slightly lowering its estimates on account of roaming fee cuts and a weak euro. Apr. 18, 2012, 10:21 AM
Vodafone (VOD +1.1%) serves India with a formal notice through its Dutch subsidiary that it intends to go to arbitration over the government's plan to impose a retroactive tax of $2B on the unit's purchase of an Indian cellphone company in 2007. Vodafone argues that the tax would violate its rights under a treaty between Holland and India. Apr. 17, 2012, 10:08 AM | 2 Comments
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) announces it will charge customers a $30 fee to upgrade their device in tandem with a new 2-year contract. Until now, Big Red was the only major U.S. carrier not to charge an upgrade fee. Consider this one more way carriers are trying to offset the margin hit caused by enormous smartphone subsidies, which have been lamented by T-Mobile and others, and led to fears cutbacks are in store. Apr. 11, 2012, 12:09 PM | 2 Comments
Vodafone (VOD) says it bought 12.5M of its own shares yesterday on the London Stock Exchange, and plans to hold the shares in treasury. Shares -1% premarket.

Apr. 5, 2012, 5:28 AM | 2 Comments
Vodafone (VOD -0.8%) is lowered to Neutral from Buy by Davenport, which says Europe’s recession and an EU mandate for carriers to cut roaming and interconnection fees will push down revenue this year. The firm also says that after spending $19B to develop its market in India, VOD will need to spend billions more and risks not making a return on its investment. Apr. 3, 2012, 12:13 PM
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD), desperate to give regulators reasons to approve its controversial spectrum/reseller deals with cable providers, says it will offer an "integrated" mobile video service to pay-TV subs by year's end, should the deals be approved. Many pay-TV providers offer iPad apps that enable home streaming, but mobile distribution rights have been hard to come by. "TV Everywhere" software firm Synacor (SYNC) would likely benefit from greater mobile distribution.

Mar. 30, 2012, 12:37 PM
Vodafone (VOD) is urgently reviewing its options in India and overseas as the country moves toward a law that would retroactively apply a tax of over $2B on Vodafone's 2007 purchase of Hutchison Whampoa's Indian telecom venture. This, in spite of a recent ruling by India's top court that Vodafone wasn't liable for back-taxes. Mar. 30, 2012, 5:20 AM
Cable & Wireless Worldwide extends until April 19 the deadline for which Vodafone (VOD) and Tata Communications (TCL) can make bids for the U.K. company, whose market cap is £809M ($1.29B). The deadline was due to expire today.

Mar. 29, 2012, 8:45 AM
Bernstein Research throws cold water on speculation that Verizon (VZ -0.1%) might try to take over Vodafone (VOD +0.8%), pointing out the financials of such a transaction indicate VOD would actually have to be the acquirer, not the other way around. VOD has a market cap of £85.2B, or almost $135B, vs. $112.5B for VZ. Mar. 22, 2012, 9:58 AM
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD), which already has a solid lead on AT&T (T) with regards to 4G LTE coverage, says its 4G network will cover 260M Americans by year's end, slightly above a prior target and well above AT&T's year-end target of 150M. The carrier also reiterates its claim it will only roll out LTE-capable smartphones from now on - one more hint that the next iPhone (AAPL) will support LTE.

Mar. 14, 2012, 10:26 AM | 2 Comments
The FCC has requested more info about the marketing agreements proposed in airwaves deals between Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) and several cable operators following competition complaints from rivals and public interest groups. (previously)

Mar. 9, 2012, 5:11 AM
Giant carrier subsidies for mobile devices are wreaking havoc on the wireless industry, says T-Mobile USA (DTEGY.PK) exec Cole Brodman, whose company has seen major subscriber losses due to the fact it doesn't offer the heavily subsidized iPhone (AAPL). Nomura recently lamented the impact iPhone subsidies are having on Verzion (VZ, VOD), AT&T (T), and Sprint's (S) margins.

Mar. 8, 2012, 2:37 PM | 5 Comments
Voafone (VOD) is reportedly close to making an offer for Cable & Wireless ahead of a "put-up or shut-up" deadline on Monday. Analysts believe the synergies from combining the businesses make a bid worthwhile, even with C&W's difficult financial position. Mar. 7, 2012, 10:21 AM
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) is introducing a home broadband service that leverages its 4G LTE network. However, the 10GB data cap placed on the service's $60/month plan suggests few video-loving users will be interested. Meanwhile, T-Mobile, Sprint (S), and DirecTV (DTV) are requesting the FCC halt its 180-day review of Verizon's spectrum/reseller deals with cable providers CMCSA, TWC, and Cox.

Mar. 6, 2012, 2:21 PM | 2 Comments
Tata Communications (TCL) is reportedly considering a bid for Cable & Wireless Worldwide, the same fiber-network operator that Vodafone (VOD) says it may try to acquire. Mar. 1, 2012, 2:38 AM
Vodafone (VOD) says it has approached rival European carriers about jointly building new fiber networks to support mobile data traffic that's expected to continue soaring as smartphone and tablet adoption grows, and 4G networks are rolled out. Telecom equipment vendors are hoping this traffic will result in higher capex, and help pull the industry out of its recent doldrums.

Feb. 28, 2012, 6:32 PM
U.S. carriers are making it easy for Apple (AAPL) and Amazon (AMZN) to dominate the tablet market. Verizon VZ, VOD) and AT&T's (T) latest 4G tablets, Samsung's Galaxy Tab 7.7 and Sony's Tablet P, respectively cost $500 and $400 with 2-year contracts attached. Between the high cost of these tablets, the consumer preference for Wi-Fi-only models, and the ability to buy 3G (and soon 4G) iPads without a contract, carriers shouldn't act surprised when their sponsored hardware fails to sell.

Feb. 28, 2012, 4:28 PM
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) CFO Fran Shammo says shared family data plans will arrive around mid-year. Shammo also claims only 5% of Verizon subscribers currently use its 4G LTE network (strong iPhone sales have something to do with that), and that the carrier wants to keep future investments in its 3G network to a minimum - likely bad news for infrastructure supplier Alcatel-Lucent (ALU). (previously)

Feb. 28, 2012, 2:11 PM | 5 Comments
EU lawmakers have voted for major cuts to the lucrative voice roaming fees the continent's mobile carriers are allowed to charge, while also establishing a cap on data roaming fees for the first time. Though the move falls short of the total elimination of roaming charges some are calling for, multinational carrier Vodafone (VOD) is quite upset. France Telecom (FTE) and Telefonica (TEF) also stand to lose from the fee cuts. Feb. 28, 2012, 10:18 AM
Visa (V) announced a "worldwide partnership" with Vodafone (VOD) on a mobile wallet service that will be available across all 30 countries that Vodafone operates in, starting with the U.K., Germany, the Netherlands, Spain and Turkey. Feb. 28, 2012, 6:22 AM
Text messaging revenues, long a cash cow for carriers, are coming under fire from the growing mobile use of Facebook (FB), Twitter, and other social networking platforms. Ovum estimates "social messaging" cost carriers $13.9B in messaging revenue in 2011, up from $8.7B in 2010. Though as Olga Kharif notes, social networking activity is driving the sale of pricey smartphone data plans.

Feb. 22, 2012, 10:20 AM
Bruce Berkowitz's Fairholme Capital Management cut substantial parts of stakes in Berkshire Hathaway (BRK.A), Citigroup (C) and Regions Financial (RF) in Q4, and completely sold out of holdings in telecoms AT&T (T), Telefonica (TEF), Verizon (VZ) and Vodafone (VOD). He keeps the faith in Bank of America (BAC), maintaining a stake of nearly 105M shares. Feb. 14, 2012, 5:36 PM | 3 Comments
More on the iPad: In-line with earlier rumors, the WSJ claims Apple (AAPL) will offer a 4G LTE version of the iPad 3, and that Verizon (VZ, VOD) and AT&T (T) will be among the companies to sell it. The arrival of a 4G iPad would be a slight positive for baseband chip supplier Qualcomm (QCOM), though the unwillingness of many consumers to pay for an extra data plan has hurt sales of 3G tablets thus far. Feb. 14, 2012, 9:29 AM
Vodafone (VOD) confirms it's considering a cash bid for Cable & Wireless Worldwide, with sources adding the offer could come in around £700M ($1.1B). Buying the struggling company would allow Vodafone to offload ever-increasing Internet traffic to a fixed network with more capacity. Feb. 13, 2012, 2:21 AM | 2 Comments
Vodafone (VOD) follows other firms, moving cash out of Greece "every evening," to guard against an exit from the euro, according to its CFO Andy Halford. GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) takes it a step further, moving its cash from all of Europe (save Germany) into the U.K. each day. Feb. 9, 2012, 6:56 AM
Vodafone (VOD) Q3 revenue -2.3% to £11.62B, in-line with consensus, due to ongoing difficulties in Europe, its biggest market. The company reaffirms FY guidance for adjusted operating earnings of £11.4B-11.8B. Feb. 9, 2012, 3:00 AM
British mobile phone operator Vodafone (VOD +1.3%) ends talks with Largo, parent company of Wind Hellas, about combining their operations in Greece. The news comes after VOD announced a $710M writedown on its Greek operations for the six months ended Sept. 30 and took a $1.2B impairment charge for the 12 months ended March 31. Feb. 6, 2012, 2:41 PM
Research In Motion (RIMM +1.9%) spikes following a rumor that Vodafone (VOD) is interested in buying the company. However, Vodafone says there's no truth to it. Feb. 2, 2012, 12:32 PM
The iPhone may be great for Apple (AAPL), but the huge subsidies it requires makes it terrible for carriers, laments Nomura. Verizon's (VZ, VOD) incremental service margin easily outpaced AT&T's (T) until it began selling the iPhone, and AT&T's actually turned negative in Q4. Meanwhile, Sprint's (S) upcoming Q4 report is expected to show "over 800 bps of margin contraction."

Jan. 30, 2012, 1:38 PM | 5 Comments
Vodafone's (VOD) tax victory in India removes a major obstacle to a planned IPO of the carrier's local wireless unit, which could be worth up to £11.3B ($17.6B). Meanwhile, Essar Group will demand $883M from Vodafone that it withheld as tax when buying a 22% stake in the unit from Essar, the WSJ reports. Jan. 22, 2012, 3:13 AM
Vodafone (VOD) wins its case in India's top court, and isn't liable for up to $4.4B in back-taxes and penalties. This is exceedingly good news both for Vodafone and for other firms fighting similar tax cases in India, including GE (GE), SABMiller (SBMRF.PK), Cadbury (KFT), AT&T (T) and Sanofi-Aventis (SNY). Vodafone +1.8% in London. Jan. 20, 2012, 3:45 AM
Premarket gainers: GGC +36%. RDN +7%. APOG +4%. SAP +3%.
Losers: EK -20%. DMND -9%. SFLY -8%. PCX -8%. SGEN -6%. JASO -6%. TSL -5%. GFA -4%. JPM -4%. BAC -4%. ALU -4%. VOD -4%. CPNO -4%. VMW -4%. MS -4%. C -4%. ANR -4%. HOV -3%. YGE -3%. TS -3%. RCL -3%. BUD -3%. RF -3%.

Jan. 13, 2012, 9:25 AM
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) says it will no longer roll out smartphones and tablets on its network that don't support 4G LTE connectivity. The decision represents an attempt by Verizon to exploit its lead relative to T in deploying LTE services, and could be a modest positive for QCOM, given the higher chip content of 4G devices. It also might be another hint the iPhone 5 will support LTE. (yesterday)

Jan. 12, 2012, 1:57 PM | 4 Comments
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) says it has a long-term goal of having its subscribers use an average of five devices that rely on its mobile network. The carrier, which currently charges extra for tablet data plans and mobile hotspot support, says it will try to facilitate that goal by rolling out shared data plans later this year. AT&T (T) claims it wants to do the same, but won't provide a timetable.

Jan. 11, 2012, 6:27 PM
Vodafone (VOD) outlines plans to expand into Asia and South America via new partnerships. The company wants to tap the fast-growing markets by securing agreements with local operators rather than embarking on expensive direct investments. Analysts call it a "sensible" expansion strategy. Jan. 9, 2012, 6:25 AM
Vodafone (VOD) +0.8% premarket in thin trading, and +1.85% in London, after Goldman Sachs raises the stock to Buy from Neutral. Goldman sees "a potential total return of 55% over the next two years" as free cash flow is lifted by earnings and dividend growth at Verizon Wireless and regulatory pressure fades.

Jan. 6, 2012, 5:01 AM
Premarket gainers: SODA +9%. PSUN +8%. STX +7%. ITMN +6%. TRGT +6%. SIRI +4%.
Losers: BKS -29%. AEO -17%. PLCE -13%. TSO -8%. DB -7%. STD -6%. JCP -6%. HPG -4%. VLO -4%. EK -4%. KSS -4%. UBS -4%. TGT -4%. PCS -3%. VOD -3%. LLY -3%. E -3%. CRH -3%. ALU -3%.

Jan. 5, 2012, 9:14 AM | 2 Comments
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) is dealing with yet another widespread data service outage affecting 4G LTE devices; the outage is its third this month. Verizon has been counting on is early lead relative to AT&T (T) in deploying LTE services to give it a leg up.

Dec. 28, 2011, 2:52 PM | 5 Comments
Nokia Siemens Networks (NOK, SI) gets an order to upgrade Vodafone's (VOD) subscriber data management system in Egypt. Financial terms weren't disclosed. Dec. 28, 2011, 5:03 AM
After repeated delays and a Google Wallet controversy, Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) is finally taking orders for Samsung's (SSNLF.PK) Galaxy Nexus, originally meant to be the flagship Android phone for the holiday season. Texas Instruments (TXN) has to be pleased the Nexus is finally available, and so must Google (GOOG), given widespread reports of strong U.S. iPhone sales. (previously)

Dec. 15, 2011, 10:23 AM | 3 Comments
Veirzon Wireless (VZ, VOD) claims that following the rollout of 4G LTE services in 11 markets tomorrow, the carrier's U.S. LTE network will cover more than 200M people, putting it ahead of a prior, year-end goal of 185M people. AT&T (T), by contrast only expects to cover 70M people with its LTE network by year's end.

Dec. 14, 2011, 3:42 PM | 1 Comment
Barron's "10 favorite stocks for 2012," which "could deliver gains of 15%-20% next year": BRK.A, FCX, PG, MET, CMCSA, DAI, SNY, STX, VOD, RDS.A. Dec. 12, 2011, 2:15 PM
Vodafone's (VOD -0.3%) Indian subsidiary is preparing for an IPO, according to the division's chief. Vodafone India reported revenue of $3.3B and operating cash flow of $519M for the 6 months ending Sep. 30. However, as for Wal-Mart and Qualcomm, Indian regulators have proven a headache for the company: it's currently challenging a court ruling that leaves it on the hook for an $2.5B tax bill.

Dec. 12, 2011, 11:35 AM
Dutch competition regulator NMa raided the offices of top local carriers Vodafone (VOD), KPN (KKPNF.PK), and T-Mobile (DTEGY.PK) to investigate potential price-fixing. NMa has fined the carriers in the past for sharing information on mobile device subsidies.

Dec. 6, 2011, 3:50 PM
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) tries to defuse a growing backlash to its decision to block access to Google Wallet (GOOG) - a move that many suspect was done to suppress a rival to its Isis mobile payments JV. A Verizon spokesman claims security issues were responsible for the decision, and that Verizon continues to have "commercial discussions" with Google on the matter.

Dec. 6, 2011, 3:05 PM
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) once again received the highest rating among nationwide carriers in Consumer Reports' annual customer satisfaction survey. Sprint (S) finished a close second, while AT&T (T) received the lowest marks for yet another year. However, it's added the happiest subscribers tend to be those signed up for prepaid plans, and/or with smaller service providers. (yesterday)

Dec. 6, 2011, 11:54 AM | 1 Comment
Sprint (S), which has just finished up bailing out (I, II) Clearwire (CLWR), says it plans to offer its first 4G LTE devices in 2H 2012. Sprint has thus far relied on WiMAX technology rather than LTE to offer 4G services, and that's put the carrier at a disadvantage with regards to the quality of its 4G phone lineup. Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) currently offers 16 LTE devices, with the Galaxy Nexus arriving shortly.

Dec. 6, 2011, 9:04 AM
With the odds for AT&T's bid for T-Mobile (and its related asset sales) looking increasingly slim, Leap Wireless (LEAP) has decided to conduct a spectrum swap with Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD). Leap will pay Verizon $204M to acquire 12 MHz. of 700 MHz.-band spectrum (better range), and will sell Verizon excess spectrum in higher frequency bands (superior bandwidth) for $188M.

Dec. 5, 2011, 4:34 PM | 1 Comment
JPMorgan's Phillip Cusick predicts the iPhone 4S launch will help Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) deliver a net gain of 1.2M postpaid subscribers in Q4 - above a prior forecast of 1M, and far higher than expected gains of 450K for AT&T (T), and 250K for Sprint (never mind T-Mobile's 400K decline). Moreover, he estimates Verizon's per-unit iPhone subsidy only amounts to $350, below AT&T's $375 and Sprint's $400.

Dec. 5, 2011, 3:40 PM
In spite of weak sales (I, II) thus far, Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) isn't giving up on high-end Android (GOOG) tablets: CNET reports the carrier plans to sell Motorola's (MMI) upcoming 4G Droid Xyboard devices. Pricing could make or break the products: if Verizon subsidizes Motorola's tablets in exchange for service contracts, they just might not be roadkill for the iPad (AAPL) and Kindle Fire (AMZN). (earlier)

Dec. 2, 2011, 12:07 PM
More on Verizon/Spectrum: The cable companies (Comcast CMCSA, Time Warner TWX) and Verizon (VZ, VOD) will become agents to sell each other's products. Over time, the cable firms will have the option of selling Verizon Wireless service on wholesale basis. VZ +0.5%, CMCSA +4.1% premarket.

Dec. 2, 2011, 9:08 AM
Trying to keep up with the fast-growing demand for bandwidth, Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) agrees to buy Spectrum and its 122 wireless licenses from Comcast (CMCSA) and Time Warner (TWX) for $3.6B. Comcast's share of the proceeds will be $2.3B; Time Warner's, $1.1B. (PR) Comcast +2.6% premarket.

Dec. 2, 2011, 8:56 AM | 1 Comment
Thomas Lott's extensive analysis (Part I, Part II) of Vodafone's (VOD) assets leads him to believe upside of 24%-27% is possible over the next 12-18 months, after accounting for the carrier's large dividend. Some fairly conservative multiples are used in valuing Vodafone's properties; its 45% stake in Verizon Wireless is valued at just 6x EBITDA; its European assets at 5x; and its other international assets at 6.25x.

Dec. 1, 2011, 4:14 PM
Infonetics estimates Q3 mobile infrastructure sales rose 8.6% Y/Y in Q3. Though that figure is down considerably from Q2's 25.2% clip, the firm continues to expect strong spending on 4G gear to buoy demand for the likes of ERIC and ALU. It also isn't worried about the impact of Europe's debt crisis on the ability of top regional carriers VOD, TI, FTE, and TEF to finance buildouts, given their huge cash balances. Dec. 1, 2011, 2:31 PM
Though some early data  and commentary has been negative, it's too early to write off Nokia's (NOK) Lumia phones, argues Tero Kuittinen. British carriers Vodafone (VOD) and Orange (FTE) are seeing healthy sales, and Nokia only has to win over Symbian and BlackBerry (RIMM) users to surpass low expectations. Nokia backs up Kuittinen's comments this morning by reporting initial U.K. Lumia 800 sales are "excellent." Nov. 23, 2011, 7:45 AM
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) has a big lead on AT&T (T) when it comes to 4G LTE coverage, and it looks like it  won't be going away anytime soon. Verizon says its LTE coverage will soon reach 179 markets. By contrast, AT&T's LTE coverage will only reach 15 markets by the end of the month. In addition, Verizon will be able to offer the LTE-enabled Galaxy Nexus and Droid Razr to customers.

Nov. 16, 2011, 10:35 AM | 4 Comments
Greece raises €380M from the sale of mobile telephone frequencies to cell phone operators OTE (HLTOY.PK), Vodaphone (VOD), and WInd Hellas (itself with its own debt issues). The government hopes to raise €50B from asset sales in coming years. Nov. 14, 2011, 7:02 AM | 1 Comment
Barron's gives a plug for Corning (GLW) over the weekend, noting the LCD glassmaker trades for little more than book value, and insiders are buying shares. It's also declaring Vodafone (VOD) a buy on account of its emerging-markets exposure, high dividend yield (6.7%), and 45% stake in Verizon Wireless (VZ), among other factors. Nov. 13, 2011, 8:35 PM | 1 Comment
China Telecom (CHA) says it will begin selling wireless service in the U.S. early next year, with the goal of targeting Chinese-Americans, students, and those who travel often between the U.S. and China. Given that China Telecom runs an EV-DO 3G network, it might strike a partnership with Sprint (S) or Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD), both of whom also rely on EV-DO.

Nov. 10, 2011, 11:11 AM | 2 Comments
Vodafone (VOD): FH1 EBITDA +2.3% to £7.53B ($12.09B) vs. forecasts of £7.42B. Revenue +4.1% to £23.5B. Earnings boosted by strong growth in India, and robust performances in Germany and Britain, but faced continued tough conditions in Spain and Italy. Raises FY forecast for adjusted operating profit to £11.4-11.8B. (PR .pdf) Nov. 8, 2011, 3:23 AM | 1 Comment
AT&T (T) plans to begin selling its first 4G LTE phones on Sunday, with one of the two devices a 4G variant of Samsung's Galaxy S II. The phones will allow AT&T to catch up a bit to Verizon (VZ, VOD), which began offering LTE phones earlier this year. But Verizon still has a big lead in LTE network coverage.

Oct. 31, 2011, 11:21 AM
Research In Motion (RIMM) +2.2% premarket on continued M&A speculation after an article suggests Vodafone (VOD) may be interested in the company. RIM shares rode a roller coaster yesterday, spiking on takeover rumors, then tumbling during Apple's (AAPL) iPhone event, then rebounding to end +2.4%.

Oct. 5, 2011, 8:41 AM | 1 Comment
Sitting on a hoard of cash bigger than Apple and facing slowing domestic subscriber growth, China Mobile (CHL) is coming under pressure to make overseas acquisitions or return capital to shareholders. One possible target: Spain's Telefonica (TEF). "Wow, that's cheap," says a fund manager.

Sep. 27, 2011, 11:08 AM | 1 Comment
It's a crash, all right, but in your run for safety, good luck finding a solvent government that will give you anything but a paltry yield. The answer, CSFB's Andrew Garthwaite says, is in the six safest stocks he knows - big, healthy, high-yielding companies with multinational income: Novartis (NVS), British American Tobacco (BTI), Intel (INTC), Vodafone (VOD), Coca-Cola (KO) and Microsoft (MSFT). (More Investing for Income) Sep. 24, 2011, 8:15 AM | 21 Comments
Clearwire (CLWR -3%) resumes trading after the stock was briefly halted over reports it was in talks with AT&T (T) and Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) about 4G LTE network use. Just yesterday, Clearwire's CFO had commented that the company would consider selling some spectrum if the right opportunity presented itself.

Sep. 22, 2011, 1:26 PM
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) has caused an uproar by declaring plans to throttle 3G connection speeds for heavy data users still on unlimited plans. This move could be marginally positive for Sprint (S), which has targeted data-hungry smartphone users by continuing to offer unlimited plans, and reportedly will soon offer the iPhone (AAPL).

Sep. 19, 2011, 9:34 AM
Premarket gainers: GR +22%. TYC +7%. SGMO +3%.
Losers: JKS -15%. ING -7%. LYG -7%. RBS -7%. BCS -6%. MT -6%. BBVA -5%. CS -5%. SAP -4%. LOGI -4%. RIO -4%. TEF -4%. ALU -4%. FTE -4%. SNY -4%. AMAT -4%. BHP -4%. SDRL -4%. DRYS -4%. TOT -3%. DB -4%. RBS -3%. NOK -3%. BP -3%. C-3 VOD -3%. SI -3%. STD -3%. UBS -3%.

Sep. 19, 2011, 9:00 AM | 1 Comment
AT&T (T) will launch 4G LTE service in 5 cities this weekend, and plans to add 10 more by year's end. But this pales relative to the 102 cities covered by Verizon Wireless' (VZ, VOD) LTE network as of July; and for the time being, AT&T's service, unlike Verizon's, won't support any phones, only modems, tablets, and hotspots. Sep. 16, 2011, 8:19 AM | 3 Comments
Morningstar’s top 10 dividend stocks, ranked by yield: VOD, LLY, GSK, MRK, PFE, COP, SYY, PM check this, INTC, ABT. The companies are “wide-moated” to survive a difficult economy and boast strong cash positions that make it likely they will be able to continue to pay or raise dividends. Sep. 15, 2011, 1:42 PM
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) stays active in the fast-growing market for contract-free phone plans with a new unlimited $50/month prepaid plan set to launch Thursday at its stores and select retailers. Barclays notes the $50 prepaid offer may be as low as VZ goes, in order to prevent "cannibalization" of existing customers with contracts.

Sep. 13, 2011, 5:04 PM
Verizon (VZ) CEO Lowell McAdam states Verizon Wireless won't be paying an annual dividend to its parent companies, ostensibly because the carrier may need the money to acquire rivals or obtain spectrum. In July, Verizon Wireless declared a one-time dividend of $10B, $4.5B of which went to frustrated minority investor Vodafone (VOD). Sep. 12, 2011, 4:49 PM | 3 Comments
IBM (IBM) has won an extension reportedly worth $1B to manage the IT systems of Indian carrier Vodafone Essar (VOD) until 2017. The renewal marks a significant upgrade over the original contract, which was signed in 2007 and was worth $400M. Sep. 8, 2011, 5:03 AM | 1 Comment
As Amazon (AMZN) readies a low-cost tablet, Vodafone (VOD) is showing off its own attempts to deliver a cheaper alternative to the iPad (AAPL): the carrier's German unit recently showed off two private-label Android tablets - one a 7-inch model, the other a 10-inch - with built-in 3G connections.

Sep. 6, 2011, 7:48 AM
Wells Fargo reiterates an Outperform on Sprint (S +3.5%) after channel checks show the carrier to be faring well against Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) and AT&T (T), against whom it's struggled in recent years. The firm speculates Sprint, which soared recently on a report it will carry the next iPhone, may be getting a boost from its cheap data pricing.

Aug. 30, 2011, 10:24 AM
Vodafone (VOD) may be looking to take advantage of Greece's economic turmoil to improve its position in the country: the company has confirmed it's in talks to merge its Greek subsidiary with struggling local carrier Wind Hellas. Last month, Vodafone received a massive dividend related to its minority stake in Verizon Wireless.

Aug. 29, 2011, 3:11 PM
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD), AT&T (T), and T-Mobile are forming a $100M mobile payments JV that will enable consumer payments via NFC technology. The venture, named Isis, will compete directly with Google Wallet (GOOG), and has already struck deals with leading credit-card providers. (previously)

Aug. 29, 2011, 7:48 AM
Long-time Nokia (NOK) follower Tero Kuittinen wonders if the company is in denial of industry realities following its latest Symbian smartphone releases. Kuittinen thinks the devices are priced too steeply given Symbian is "rapidly dying," and is doubtful major Euro carriers such as Vodafone (VOD) and T-Mobile will support them.

Aug. 24, 2011, 3:57 PM
Vodafone (VOD) plans to migrate all of its German broadband customers from leased DSL lines to Vodafone's 4G wireless network. Vodafone's move could be a sign of things to come: 4G's higher capacity may give the likes of S, CLWR, and PCS a chance to compete with fixed broadband providers in less densely-populated locales.

Aug. 23, 2011, 8:59 AM
Harry Rady is shorting the investments that have been spiking lately, including gold, the Swiss franc and the VIX - "by far our largest position," the self-described contrarian says, believing that volatility will compress in the coming months, as it has "95% of the time." He's going long high quality, dividend paying multinationals, such as VOD and TEF.

Aug. 12, 2011, 2:57 PM | 2 Comments
The market's unprecedented roller-coaster ride has has led to a 65% August gain for the CBOE Volatility Index (VIX -8.1%) going into today. But fund manager Harry Rady is comfortable going short, believing volatility is due to compress. On the flip side, Rady is bullish on Euro carriers VOD and TEF, liking their low P/Es and large dividends.

Aug. 12, 2011, 11:30 AM | 1 Comment
Premarket gainers: GNET +21%. SFSF +16%. EM +14%. AMAG +8%. IDCC +6%. CTIC +5%. BBVA +4%. MA +4%. STD +3%. GPL +3%. RAD +3%. TEF +3%. MCP +3%. RIMM +3%. ALU +3%. EXK +3%. VOD +3%. MGM +3%. YGE +3%.
Losers: OPEN -9%. GRMN -8%. BKS -7%. SONS -3%. CTL -3%. DNKN -3%. IRE -3%.

Aug. 3, 2011, 9:10 AM
AT&T (T -1.2%) may have reason for concern about lousy earnings from MetroPCS (PCS -32.3%) and Sprint (S -4%), Dave Kansas muses, since its proposed deal with T-Mobile (DTEGY.PK) would look better to regulators if AT&T had more competition. Sprint and others opposed to the deal will have a stronger argument that AT&T/T-Mobile would be too powerful.

Aug. 2, 2011, 10:42 AM | 1 Comment
More on MetroPCS (PCS): Q2 earnings missed the mark as margins declined on higher costs and a sharp slowdown in subscriber growth. New customer growth was the lowest in nearly 2 years as the pre-paid wireless provider tries to remain relevant in a market dominated by Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD)and AT&T (T). Shares -16.5% premarket.

Aug. 2, 2011, 8:55 AM
The Spanish government announces a spectrum auction raised $2.61B, with divisions of European wireless giants Telefonica (TEF), Vodafone (VOD), and France Telecom (FTE) proving the largest buyers. The relatively modest sale price for the spectrum is a positive sign for European carriers as they prepare to build out 4G networks.

Aug. 1, 2011, 10:05 AM
While Vodafone (VOD +4.6%) is seen as the big winner in Verizon Wireless' decision to pay a $10B dividend, Verizon (VZ -1%) proper will benefit as well. With Verizon's wireline division generating little cash as its local phone business steadily declines, it needs its share of the payoff to keep paying its quarterly dividend to shareholders.

Jul. 29, 2011, 4:20 PM | 1 Comment
Premarket gainers: AHCI +56%. SIFY +15%. EVEP +10%. FCEL +6%. YHOO +4%. VOD +4%. AXL +4%. CHK +3%.
Losers: VPRT -37%. STEC -36%. MILL -20%. AGP -16%. CTCT -16%. NXPI -11%. MMI -6%. IRE -6%. LVLT -3%. S -3%.

Jul. 29, 2011, 9:00 AM
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) declares a $10B special distribution. Verizon shareholders - a 55% owner in the joint partnership - will receive $5.5B to be paid on January 31, 2012. Vodafone will receive $4.5B, and has declared a £2B special dividend payable to its shareholders as well. VZ +0.8%, VOD +5% AH.

Jul. 28, 2011, 5:48 PM | 11 Comments
Vodafone (VOD) and Facebook team up to release the 555 Blue, a 2.5G smartphone for developing markets. It comes with a qwerty keyboard and an OS that puts Facebook at the heart of the device. The phone is expected to retail for around $100 – a crucial price for mass-market adoption.

Jul. 28, 2011, 8:40 AM
Vodafone (VOD +1.6%) issues upside Q1 revenue guidance of £11.659B vs. consensus of £11.54B. Q1 trading was "consistent with management's expectations, with a resilient performance in northern Europe and good momentum in our emerging markets. The Group therefore confirms its guidance for the current financial year." (PR)

Jul. 22, 2011, 7:05 AM
Flurry Analytics believes the Verizon (VZ, VOD) iPhone and the iPad's popularity have halted Android's momentum with app developers: only 28% of "new project starts" for iOS and Android involved the latter in Q2, compared with 36% in Q1. However, this drop could also be due to developers finding it harder to profit from Android.

Jul. 14, 2011, 2:22 PM | 2 Comments
Only 8 months after it began offering 4G service, Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) will cover its 100th market next week. With a few 4G phones also available (and more coming), Verizon is opening a major lead in 4G relative to AT&T (T), which will begin offering service in just 5 cities this summer, and only via a laptop card and Wi-Fi hotspot. Jul. 13, 2011, 10:00 AM
Verizon Wireless (VZ -1.5%, VOD) pulls the plug on unlimited data plans, an option it had put in place at least partially to encourage more AT&T (T) subscribers to defect. As consumers gobble up more bandwidth, carriers are starting to realize that all-you-can eat isn't feasible. Jul. 6, 2011, 8:28 AM | 2 Comments
The European Commission is tomorrow expected to announce plans to limit data roaming fees to €0.90 ($1.31) per megabyte from next July vs. as much as €2.60/MB today, due to  "the underlying lack of competition." Vodafone (VOD), Telefonica (TEF) and Orange (FTE) are among those to be hit. Jul. 5, 2011, 7:59 AM
Vodafone (VOD -1.5%) could receive an annual dividend of up to $5.5B from its 45% stake in Verizon Wireless beginning next year, CFO Andy Halford said yesterday. The cash would come from money Verizon has been using for debt repayments, which are due to end this year. Jun. 30, 2011, 8:40 AM
Spain holds its first wireless-spectrum auction, hoping to raise €2B it can use to pay down some debt. Telefonica (TFE), Vodafone (VOD), and France Telecom (FTE) are among the companies bidding on 58 blocks. The bids are in by now, but results won't be known for about two weeks. Jun. 29, 2011, 10:40 AM
Wireless spectrum in the U.S. is so limited - and Americans' appetite for bulky media like video so voracious - that wireless broadband won't be truly able to handle it "for a long time to come," says Motorola Mobility's (MMI +2.3%) Sanjay Jha. Peak speeds of 4G networks rival wireline, but the standard broadband provided to homes by cable companies should continue to dominate.

Jun. 16, 2011, 1:35 PM
Morningstar weeds out the 10 most widely-held high dividend-paying stocks among its 26 top-rated mutual fund managers: VOD, NSRGY.PK, LLY, GSK, TOT, BMY, MRK, PFE, ABT, PM. Jun. 14, 2011, 9:54 AM
More on Vodafone's (VOD) earnings: "...markets remain competitive and the economic environment, particularly across southern Europe, is challenging... and we expect further regulated cuts to mobile termination rates to have a negative impact of about 2.5 percentage points on service revenue growth in the 2012 financial year."

May 17, 2011, 4:52 AM
Vodafone (VOD): Full year profit of £7.97B ($12.9B), down 7.8% on £6.15B of impairment losses related to some of its European businesses. Full year revenue of £45.9B (+3.2%) vs. £45.5B expected. Sees FY'12 adjusted operating profit of £11B-11.8B. Shares +2% in London. (PR) May 17, 2011, 4:51 AM
Notable earnings Before Tuesday's open: DKS, HD, HPQ, SKS, TJX, VOD, WMT May 17, 2011, 12:05 AM
After about a day's worth of outage, Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) says its nationwide 4G network is up and running. Apr. 28, 2011, 11:52 AM
Earlier this week, the 4G network rollout was going well for Verizon Wireless (VZ +1.5%, VOD +0.9%), but the company notes its network is now down, reportedly nationwide - a black eye for a firm that prides itself on service stability.

Apr. 27, 2011, 1:29 PM | 2 Comments
Premarket gainers: TRAD +31%. BIIB +23%. CSR +20%. DTLK +15%. HAFC +14%. ENTG +13%. KUTV +12%. FFIV +11%. OREX +10%. UNH +9%. YUM +5%. ZLCS +6%. AAPL +4%. ETFC +4%. QCOM +4%. BRCM +3%. RIO +3%. NOK +3%.
Losers: TEVA -10%. SINA -6%. VOD -3%. WFT -3%. RIG -3%.

Apr. 21, 2011, 9:00 AM
AT&T (T -0.4%) subscribers are still buying iPhones, but net new subscribers of just 62K (vs. 512K a year ago) underscore the impact Verizon's (VZ +1.7%, VOD +1.5%) entry has had on AT&T's ability to draw new customers.

Apr. 20, 2011, 12:46 PM
A split FCC votes that AT&T (T) and Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) must allow smaller competitors to use their networks for data transport - essentially giving data the same status there as voice calls. The two companies prefer the current voluntary deals, but for data, "roaming deals are simply not being widely offered" and investment and competition will follow, FCC head Julius Genachowski says.

Apr. 7, 2011, 12:46 PM | 1 Comment
Vodafone (VOD) CEO Vittorio Colao was under heavy pressure a few years back to sell assets the company built up in years of takeovers - but his steady sticking to the course is paying off, as the company's disposals in the past several months have brought $22.8B, a chunk of which Vodafone will use to cut debt and repurchase stock.

Apr. 5, 2011, 1:36 PM
Vivendi (VIVEF.PK) agrees to acquire Vodafone's (VOD) 44% stake in SFR for €7.95B ($11.3B), a long-awaited move that gives the French conglomerate 100% ownership of the mobile operator. Vodafone will use the cash to increase a share buyback to €7.7B and reduce debt. Apr. 4, 2011, 7:29 AM
Vodafone (VOD -1.3%) will increase its stake in Essar India to 75% with the purchase of a 33% holding for $5B from Essar Group, its partner in the JV. Sanford Bernstein doesn't expect the deal to materially affect the company's financials as the price was already included in its net debt.

Mar. 31, 2011, 8:04 AM | 1 Comment
Investors may be following the potential merger of AT&T (T +2.3%) and T-Mobile (DTEGY.PK +1.1%), but the real telecom to watch is Vodafone (VOD -0.1%), fund manager David Green says. In a year or so, huge cash flow will start to come out of Verizon (VZ +0.9%), and 45% of it will go to Vodafone. When that happens, Green believes Vodafone could substantially raise its dividend yield. Mar. 30, 2011, 3:40 PM
Unsurprisingly, AT&T (T) CEO Randall Stephenson says to expect divestitures of assets and customers as the company moves through a lengthy approval process for a $39B takeover of T-Mobile (DTEGY.PK), but that it's too early to know what's required beyond that. Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) is certainly keeping an eye on some castoff assets that it might scoop up.

Mar. 30, 2011, 12:25 PM
The smartphone market should grow 49% this year, four times faster than the overall mobile phone market, IDC reports - though that's off last year's 74% growth on pent-up demand. The firm says shipments will pass 450M units, Android (GOOG) will take the OS lead with 39.5% share to Apple's (AAPL) 16%, and that by 2015 Windows Phone (MSFT) will be No. 2 behind Android. Mar. 29, 2011, 11:34 AM | 2 Comments
Premarket gainers: CRIS +15%. URG +15%. VRGY +10%. URZ +9%. TSEM +8%. URRE +8%. DNN +7%. UEC +7%. GPL +6%. CCJ +6%. TIF +5%. T +5%. ALU +5%. CIGX +4%. VOD +4%. USU +4%. SSN +4%. WTSLA +4%. SVU +4%. SLW +4%. BCS +4%.
Losers: XNPT -12%. S -11%. AMT -7%. CTIC -4%.

Mar. 21, 2011, 9:00 AM | 1 Comment
Been waiting for better prices? They've arrived, and Brett Arends thinks the following global blue-chip stocks with healthy yields are worth a long look: WMT, KO, PG, JNJ, MSFT, MRK, VOD, DEO, NTT, GSK.

Mar. 17, 2011, 3:55 PM
Premarket gainers: CTIC +11%. SNE +8%. CIGX +7%. KYO +6%. SI +6%. GPL +5%. CPST +5%. FDX +5%. PC +5%. STD +5%. RDS +4%. VOD +4%. RIO +4%. TEF +4%. ARMH +4%. CREE +4%. SNN +4%. TOT +4%. ABB +4%. BBVA +4%. VE +4%. MT +4%. UPS +4%. NOK +3%. ALU +4%. HERO +3%. URRE +3%. CLF +3%. LVLT +3%. BHP +3%. STO +3%. MGM +3%.
Losers: GMR -30%. GES -7%. KWK -6%. HSOL -6%. NRP -6%. SNBC -5%. LULU -4%. PHI -4%. THQI -3%.

Mar. 17, 2011, 9:10 AM
Vodafone (VOD) and Verizon (VZ) plan to pool their enterprise units and share some network equipment costs, according to a report in the Sunday Times. The move comes as Vodafone nears a deal to get a dividend from Verizon Wireless for the first time since 2005.

Mar. 13, 2011, 1:44 PM | 2 Comments
Aside from the appearance of Steve Jobs (still on medical leave), few surprises so far in Apple's (AAPL +1%) event: The iPad 2 is coming March 11, thinner, lighter and with front and back cameras, and available on AT&T (T) and Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) from the start. The tablet generated $9.5B in revenue last year.

Mar. 2, 2011, 1:29 PM | 4 Comments
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) sales of the iPhone (AAPL) haven't met the partners' expectations so far, according to industry blogger the Boy Genius Report. Online pre-orders came to 550K units, and just 14% of buyers were owners of the AT&T (T) version. (via)

Feb. 16, 2011, 1:12 PM | 6 Comments
Putting a spin on the AT&T (T) globe: CEO Randall Stephenson says the industry benefits from his company's loss of exclusivity on the iPhone (AAPL) because of all the free promotion: “It’s good for the industry; you can’t turn on a TV now without seeing an Apple commercial." Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) expects to activate up to 2M iPhones in the first quarter; AT&T activated 15.2M in 2010.

Feb. 15, 2011, 1:10 PM
A teardown of the iPhone (AAPL) that Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) is offering (officially launching today) shows it's 9% cheaper to make than the AT&T (T) version, iSuppli reports. Looking inside the phone may hint at what's happening in iPhone 5. (previously)

Feb. 10, 2011, 4:54 PM
The new normal for AT&T (T): Now that the iPhone (AAPL) is seeing other people (VZ, VOD), AT&T hails the upcoming Atrix from Motorola (MMI) - an Android (GOOG) phone - as "the world's most powerful smartphone." Would that have happened last year? (previously)

Feb. 3, 2011, 1:08 PM | 2 Comments
UBS launches Motorola Mobility (MMI -6.2%) coverage with a Hold, given the firm's long-term success is iffy in this Darwinian wireless market. Motorola's new products will only "somewhat offset" the challenges posed by the upcoming iPhone 5 (AAPL +0.7%) and iPad 2, and Verizon's (VZ -0.5%) new status as an Apple supplier.

Jan. 31, 2011, 3:29 PM
Nokia's (NOK +0.6%) Symbian OS is no longer the leading worldwide smartphone platform. In Q4 2010, Google (GOOG) became number 1, with Android-based smartphone shipments hitting 33M - compared to 31M Symbian-based devices. But it's a big pie: 101M smartphones shipped in Q4, a growth rate of 90% from Q4 2009.

Jan. 31, 2011, 9:28 AM
Among the stocks hit by unrest in Egypt and the suspension of cell phone activity is its largest mobile phone operator, Vodaphone (VOD -2.1%), who says "under Egyptian legislation, the authorities have the right to issue such an order and we are obliged to comply with it." EGPT -4.4%. Jan. 28, 2011, 2:58 PM | 5 Comments
AT&T's (T -1.7%) Q4 results lead 2 analysts to cut their ratings. UBS cuts the stock to Hold from Buy, citing new competition from Verizon's (VZ -1.4%) iPhone (AAPL -1.2%) will cause a loss of 100K contract subscribers in Q1. Cowen reduces its rating to Neutral from Buy, as stalled earnings growth will "prevent the stock from outperforming the market."

Jan. 28, 2011, 11:37 AM
Apple's (AAPL) eastern prospects are looking good, with Asian revenue up 147% in the last quarter, notes Bernstein Research. Apple will probably launch 20 new stores in China this year that eventually will garner $2B annually. Bernstein predicts new distribution deals with Asian carriers that boost iPhone sales by 7M to 8M units per year.

Jan. 27, 2011, 4:38 PM
Apparently, Verizon (VZ) will let existing corporate customers buy an iPhone (AAPL) on Feb. 3, a week before the general public. It's also offering some existing AT&T (T -3%) iPhone customers a chance to trade in their devices for a credit when buying the Verizon iPhone 4. The market will watch the outcome of this offer closely.

Jan. 27, 2011, 2:45 PM
Sanford Bernstein notes AT&T's (T -2.9%) Q4 marked the "Twilight of Monogamy" - or the loss of iPhone (AAPL -0.1%) exclusivity. But in Q4, AT&T only added a disappointing 400K contract wireless subscribers, while the Street wanted to see 541K. Now it must contend with Verizon (VZ -0.3%) and its new iPhone.

Jan. 27, 2011, 11:23 AM
To encourage more AT&T (T +0.6%) subscribers to defect, Verizon (VZ +1.2%) will at least briefly offer iPhone (AAPL) buyers a $30 unlimited data plan. "I’m not going to shoot myself in the foot," said Verizon COO Lowell McAdam. AT&T has offered tiered pricing since last summer.

Jan. 25, 2011, 3:42 PM
During its Q4, Verizon (VZ +0.9%) added 872K wireless contract customers, beating analysts' estimates, which ran from 600K to 724K. This just increases how many subscribers it can push the iPhone (AAPL) on. Q4 revenue for the wireline business dipped 2.8% to $10.3B, as customers defected to mobile or cable services.

Jan. 25, 2011, 2:59 PM
In a bad omen for Research in Motion (RIMM), after a 2-month trial, Deutsche Bank Equity Research (DB) will swap out its BlackBerry email and communications system for an iPhone (AAPL)-based one. In addition to superior usability, the iPhone had the App Store as a "huge competitive differentiator."  Jan. 25, 2011, 12:43 PM
Nokia (NOK) is -4.3% on expectation it will report yet more handset market share loss in Q4. It faces rivals like Apple (AAPL +0.3%) on one side, and low cost Asian vendors at the other. "It is caught in a pincer movement," notes Strategy Analytics, which predicts Nokia's Q4 market share will be about 33%, down from 2009 Q4's 39%.

Jan. 25, 2011, 11:33 AM
Sources says Apple (AAPL -0.7%) has selected Taiwan-based contract manufacturer Pegatron to produce 'at least' 10M iPhone 5 units. Given Apple will probably also use Foxconn (FXCNY.PK) to produce the device, the initial batch of the model could be much bigger. Pegatron is trying to fulfill its existing 12M to 15M iPhone 4 order.

Jan. 25, 2011, 9:44 AM
Vodafone's (VOD) board currently favors making Gerard Kleisterlee, Philips' (PHG) CEO, its next chairman, claim sources. He is 1 of 3 potential candidates who may replace outgoing chair John Bond. Premarket, VOD -2.9%, PHG -0.5%.

Jan. 25, 2011, 8:56 AM
A Baird survey says 11% of Verizon (VZ +0.3%) feature phone users will buy the new iPhone (AAPL), and another 18% claim a purchase is probable. A quarter of Verizon smartphone users will probably switch, too. This may dampen 2011 earnings - which Baird estimates will be $2.10/share, below the average of $2.21/share.

Jan. 24, 2011, 2:27 PM
The Q1 iPhone (AAPL) surge clearly won't help struggling Nokia (NOK -1.3%), which is expected to see continued profit decline. Apple's "stellar" quarter shows smartphone demand - but Apple's strength also will hurt "others struggling to gain traction in an extremely competitive and over supplied high-tier segment," says CCS Insight.

Jan. 19, 2011, 9:21 AM
Sources claim Taiwan-based contract manufacturer Pegatron Technology will ship from 12M to 15M CDMA-based iPhones (AAPL -3.9%) in 2011. That exceeds Pegatron's own previous 10M iPhone estimate, presumably because of surging Verizon (VZ -1.2%) subscriber demand. Pegatron is already shipping the devices.

Jan. 18, 2011, 9:45 AM
Premarket gainers: ARIA +33%. SBIB +19%. HEV +10%. CXDC +9%. VOD +5%. TGB +4%. ERJ +4%. ASTM +4%. SNN +4%.
Losers: CMA -6%. AAPL -5%. AVGO -5%. C -5%. WLOCD -4%. GSK -4%.

Jan. 18, 2011, 9:00 AM
Verizon (VZ -0.3%) is creating the first real battlefield between Android (GOOG +0.6%) and the iPhone (AAPL +0.2%). Verizon fields proven Android handsets, including the Droid (MMI +2.2%) and the Fascinate (SSNLF.PK), and some will run on its 4G LTE network. Apple faces a tough fight here, but one that may dictate the rest of the war.

Jan. 14, 2011, 12:02 PM
Experts speculate Apple (AAPL -0.2%) redesigned the iPhone 4 for Verizon (VZ -0.2%) with multiple cellular antennas, presumably to avoid the "death grip" problem that plagued AT&T (T +0.4%) last summer with lost calls. Verizon no doubt has learned what to avoid. A survey says AT&T, given its spotty service, will lose 26% of its iPhone users to Verizon.

Jan. 14, 2011, 10:04 AM | 2 Comments
No longer just a resource play, Africa is home to a potentially huge consumer class. McKinsey and Co. pegs the number of consumers able to afford more than basic necessities as higher than that of India (spread out over a slightly larger area), but a long road remains before Africa can be deemed the next Asia.

Jan. 13, 2011, 5:57 PM | 6 Comments
JPMorgan downgrades mobile marketing apps maker Smith Micro Software (SMSI -14.4%) to Neutral from Overweight. Given Smith Micro's recent full year guidance, JPMorgan believes the stock price already reflects any benefits from the iPad (AAPL) and the Verizon (VZ +0.8%) LTE launch.

Jan. 13, 2011, 3:22 PM
Verizon's (VZ +0.1%) deal for the iPhone (AAPL +0.6%) took 4 years of wrangling over branding, revenue sharing, and quality measures. Clearly, any rival wanting to break into the exclusive iPhone club will have to endure a few hurdles to get there. That alone may give AT&T (T +0.6%) and Verizon some extra breathing room. Jan. 12, 2011, 2:59 PM
The Verizon (VZ) iPhone 4 (AAPL) may resemble AT&T's (T) version, but the guts are quite dissimilar, in part so the device can run on Verizon's CDMA network. This also means Verizon's iPhone can't transmit voice and data simultaneously, and it won't work in as many countries as AT&T's GSM-based device does. Jan. 12, 2011, 10:50 AM | 1 Comment
Goldman Sachs downgrades AT&T (T +0.5%) to Neutral from Buy, given Verizon (VZ) is now officially an iPhone (AAPL +0.4%) reseller. For 2011, it believes Verizon's proportionate revenue growth will surpass AT&T's by 4.6%. But Piper Jaffray also is Neutral on Verizon, believing it won't "steal an excessive number" of AT&T customers.

Jan. 12, 2011, 10:00 AM
Verizon (VZ) may spend $3B to $5B in subsidies to move its iPhone 4 (AAPL), so while the device may win it subscribers from AT&T (T), it will also crimp its own profits. "You basically write customers a $400 check," says UBS. Verizon earnings will drop to $2.20/share in 2011, from an estimated $2.26/share in 2010, says UBS.

Jan. 11, 2011, 3:43 PM | 1 Comment
The fact that Verizon's (VZ) iPhone 4 (AAPL) won't exploit the carrier's 4G LTE network may boost Motorola Mobility (MMI) long term, says C.L. King. In Q2, Motorola will field a Droid Bionic phone and the Xoom tablet, both optimized for Verizon's LTE. After an operating loss in Q1 because of the new iPhone, these devices might let Motorola rebound. Jan. 11, 2011, 3:08 PM
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) will sell the iPhone 4 (AAPL), a rebranded version of the existing device, starting on February 10, at a base price of $200. The data plan pricing info wasn't publicly available yet. The move most likely will squeeze AT&T (T -1.3%), which has been mocking Verizon's network capability.

Jan. 11, 2011, 11:36 AM
Moody's cuts ratings on convertible notes for RadioShack (RSH) - now pressing 52-week lows, -2.4% to $17.05, just part of a rough week for the mobile-dependent company as Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) announces its iPhone (AAPL).

Jan. 11, 2011, 11:30 AM
After much speculation and anticipation, Verizon (VZ -1.9%) makes it official: the Verizon iPhone 4 (AAPL -0.3%) is coming early next month. Verizon has been preparing the launch carefully, testing its network to make sure it has adequate spectrum, says Verizon Wireless CEO Dan Mead.

Jan. 11, 2011, 11:13 AM
The rumored Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) iPhone (AAPL) could cannibalize Android (GOOG) shipments by the million, given pent-up demand from subscribers who had no Apple alternative with the carrier, say some analysts. On the other hand, AT&T (T) may have a new incentive to push Android units and offset any losses. Jan. 11, 2011, 8:56 AM | 1 Comment
With all the excitement on the possible Verizon (VZ) iPhone announcement tomorrow, Apple (AAPL) broke its 52-week high of $336.35/share. Apple is flat, and Verizon +0.1% AH. Jan. 10, 2011, 4:09 PM
RadioShack (RSH) is -5.7% on expectation its finances will suffer if Verizon (VZ) and Apple (AAPL) formally announce their iPhone union. RadioShack depends heavily on mobile phone sales, isn't a Verizon partner, and just lost its kiosks in Sam’s Club (WMT), to boot. This is likely to be a "tough week" for RSH, notes Goldman Sachs. Jan. 10, 2011, 12:19 PM
Despite AT&T's (T) claims, Verizon (VZ) has been building up its network to handle iPhone- (AAPL) like devices handily, say sources. Unlike AT&T, Verizon feels its network is robust enough to offer unlimited data-usage plans if it does start selling iPhones this month, as rumored. iPhone traffic has hurt AT&T's service levels. Jan. 10, 2011, 11:37 AM
The rumored deal between Verizon (VZ +0.4%) and Apple (AAPL +1%) isn't quite that of equals, argues Kaufman Bros. Given softening Android (GOOG -0.8%) demand over the past 2 quarters, Verizon has been bleeding share to AT&T (T -1.4%). Verizon would probably pay a premium to preserve iPhone exclusivity.

Jan. 10, 2011, 10:45 AM
Even before Verizon (VZ +0.3%) unveils its rumored iPhone (AAPL +1.3%), AT&T (T -1.5%) is already launching an assault on it. AT&T says Verizon's CDMA technology is slower than AT&T's GSM network. "The iPhone is built for speed, but that's not what you get with a CDMA phone," says an AT&T spokesman. Jan. 10, 2011, 9:52 AM | 1 Comment
Verizon Wireless' (VZ, VOD) rumored unveiling of its iPhone (AAPL) in a New York event on Tuesday may mark an industry sea change, say analysts. This move would result in a surge of iPhone sales, and most likely let Apple fend off challenger Google (GOOG) and its partners. Premarket, VZ +1.2%, VOD -0.4%, GOOG -0.1%.

Jan. 10, 2011, 8:23 AM
Sure enough, Verizon Wireless' (VZ, VOD) Tuesday press conference is set to confirm its version of the iPhone (AAPL). Much of AT&T's (T) subscriber growth has come from its 3.5-year exclusive hold on the device; it could see 1M-3M fewer new subscribers with Verizon in the mix. (previously) Jan. 8, 2011, 12:25 AM | 7 Comments
Verizon (VZ) suspiciously issues invites to a press conference for next Tuesday. It announced plenty at CES - does it now want to talk iPhone (AAPL)? Verizon is +0.3% and Apple +0.2% AH.

Jan. 7, 2011, 4:43 PM | 1 Comment
Ultra-secretive Apple (AAPL) canceled employee vacation requests from February 3 through 6 in several U.S. regions, sources claim. Now there are whispers this is when the much-expected Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) iPhone launches. Jan. 7, 2011, 1:23 PM
Given the explosion of wireless web and data users, U.S. airwaves face overload and expanding congestion, and "consumer frustration will grow with it," warns FCC chair Julius Genachowski. The FCC and the Commerce Department are trying to locate unused spectrum, and Genachowski favors incentive auctions. Jan. 7, 2011, 8:26 AM
Verizon Wireless' (VZ, VOD) temporary promotion charging $10 for limited data service resulted in a surge in subscribers. Now that that offer is due to expire in January, the company is "considering every option," including making the plan permanent. Premarket, Verizon is -0.4% and Vodafone is -1.6%.

Jan. 7, 2011, 8:11 AM
Dell (DELL +2.5%) jumps into the tablet PC melee at CES, announcing its new Streak 7 device, which will run on T-Mobile's (DTEGY.PK) 4G network. The Streak is aimed at families who want multi-media content. Under the covers is the next-gen dual-core Tegra 2 (NVDA) chip and the Android OS (GOOG). (PR)

Jan. 6, 2011, 2:29 PM
No wonder so many vendors will enter the tablet PC race: 2010's U.S. sales of 10.3M will probably double in 2011, says Forrester. Users will replace the devices as if they were cellphones. And "many first-gen iPads (AAPL) will end up entertaining the kids in the back of the car while Mom and Dad get the shiny new model."

Jan. 4, 2011, 4:08 PM
At least 100 new tablet PC models will soon hit the market in hopes of duplicating the iPad's (AAPL +0.2%) success. Despite the pundits' predictions, picking a winner is tough, as "the possibilities for successes and failures are endless." But at least one very likely bit of "road-kill" has been identified: the netbook.

Jan. 4, 2011, 3:02 PM
Wells Fargo (WFC +0.6%) will test a new mobile phone payments service, 3 years after a prior trial failed. The new experiment will involve 200 employees using near-field communications technology. The technology may handle as much as $22B in payment transactions by 2015, up from almost zero in 2010.

Jan. 4, 2011, 2:26 PM
The market overall doesn't like Apple (AAPL), given the momentum of the Android OS (GOOG), said Oppenheimer. Street respect, as well as revenues, will increase if, as expected, Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) offers the iPhone in 2011. Access to Verizon's network might even mean Apple's "willing to make some sacrifices," including caving on price.

Jan. 4, 2011, 11:49 AM
Google (GOOG -0.4%) may leverage its Android footprint to create a mobile payment and advertising service, say sources. It's no surprise Google is ready to enter the near field communications race. In November, a consortium of companies, including Verizon (VZ +1.%), formed the Isis mobile payments venture.

Jan. 4, 2011, 11:29 AM
For Motorola (MOT) spin-off Motorola Mobility (MMI) to succeed, it must "defy history," given no mobile phone maker has ever bounced back to the top after plummeting. Motorola's handset business was number 2 worldwide in 2007, and is now seventh. But Mobility will probably see revenue of $12.6B in 2011, say analysts.

Jan. 4, 2011, 9:37 AM
Credit Suisse downgrades Ericsson (ERIC) to Neutral from Outperform, claiming the shares offer "less compelling upside," and there are "more compelling stories elsewhere globally." Last month, Goldman Sachs also downgraded the firm. Premarket, Ericsson is -1.2%.

Jan. 4, 2011, 8:41 AM
Motorola (MOT) formally splits Tuesday into Motorola Mobility and Motorola Solutions. Motorola shareholders of record on Dec. 21 will get 1 share of Mobility for every 8 shares of Motorola they held. Motorola shares will then go through a 1-for-7 reverse split and become Motorola Solutions shares. Jan. 3, 2011, 4:49 PM
With so many existing hits to refine, Apple (AAPL +2.1%) is probably done with new products lines for at least 2011, says Piper Jaffray. The focus will be on new versions of the Mac, iPad, iPhone and iPod. But it's likely Apple will introduce cloud-based iTunes streaming services this year - possibly supported through its new datacenter.

Jan. 3, 2011, 1:04 PM
Sprint (S +4.3%) opts not to exercise its right to buy debt from struggling Clearwire (CLWR +0.7%), which is raising money to build out its 4G network. Last month, Clearwire announced a $1.1B-plus debt sale, and Sprint had till Jan. 2 to join. With the recent loss of its chairman, this leaves Clearwire's future even murkier.

Jan. 3, 2011, 12:29 PM
Despite Research in Motion's (RIMM +2.7%) denial, Kaufman Bros. repeats its claim the PlayBook suffers from a short battery life. Even with a revamp, it's unlikely RIM can match the iPad's (AAPL +2.1%) 10-hour battery life. But Kaufman suggests the PlayBook's embedded Adobe (ADBE +1.7%) Flash technology is the power hog. Jan. 3, 2011, 11:17 AM
The absence of Apple (AAPL) at CES will be "an elephant in the room." Apple doesn't do trade shows, even if its iPad is the industry's most important new product. In its stead will be rivals like Motorola (MOT) who are expected to field new tablet PCs, and partners like Verizon (VZ), who'll talk up Android (GOOG) phones.

Jan. 3, 2011, 9:23 AM
Sprint (S +0.9%) will sink $200M into cash-strapped Clearwire (CLWR -1.3%), while reducing its 54% stake in the company to 50%, predicts Kaufman Bros. In a potentially ominous sign, Clearwire's chairman Craig McCaw stepped down today. Kaufman maintains a Hold on Clearwire.

Dec. 31, 2010, 10:51 AM | 1 Comment
Connectivity software provider Smith Micro (SMSI +0.4%) sees new opportunities as 4G continues to expand through the U.S., says an executive. Its authentication and other apps could be used to connect people's homes to wireless networks. But much depends on just how fast 4G rolls out - and that involves a lot of variables.

Dec. 31, 2010, 10:31 AM | 1 Comment
Google (GOOG -0.5%) has all the components needed to be a wireless carrier, including the booming Android OS and Google Voice. Despite Nexus One's crash, it probably will move into the carrier space in some form. "Google loves to push the boundaries to see what's possible," says an industry consultant.

Dec. 31, 2010, 9:52 AM | 1 Comment
Just writing iPhone (AAPL) or other smartphone photo apps isn't a guaranteed money-maker, as a host of start-up development companies are discovering. As smartphone usage explodes, the vendors may need to find a way to help their app developers turn a profit - or risk losing them.

Dec. 31, 2010, 9:05 AM
Clearwire (CLWR) Chairman Craig McCaw will step down today, according to a new SEC filing. McCaw's resignation raises concerns over Clearwire's already uncertain fate. "He is Clearwire," one industry analyst says. "So you sort of think, 'Geez, are they going under?'" Dec. 31, 2010, 8:02 AM
Wireless gear maker Ceragon (CRNT -0.3%) will get a boost as cellular networks grow in India, says CL King, adding a second bullish analysts' take on the firm. Even with 707M subscribers, India has only 60% wireless market penetration. Then there's Ceragon's long-term opportunities in the U.S.'s 4G wireless expansion. Dec. 30, 2010, 1:55 PM
Chip tech designer MIPS Technologies (MIPS) is +6.4%, apparently after an article yesterday claimed the firm's core designs will benefit from the rise of Android (GOOG) as a smartphone platform. ARM Holdings (ARMH) has been a near-monopoly here - but "MIPS is now getting a piece of that action," the author boldly declares. Dec. 30, 2010, 1:30 PM
Skype (EBAY) offers a video-calling app for the iPhone (AAPL) and other Apple devices. Given Skype's scale, this could worsen mobile network bottlenecks, and renew calls from European telecoms to make the web services companies contribute cash to infrastructure upgrades. Dec. 30, 2010, 8:57 AM
Motorola's (MOT +0.3%) upcoming Android- (GOOG) based tablet PC will probably be the first such device Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) offers for its LTE 4G network, says Global Equities Research. "LTE is quite a complicated system," but Motorola can draw on extensive wireless know-how, and the device will probably ship in Q2.

Dec. 29, 2010, 3:49 PM
Wireless systems maker Ceragon Networks (CRNT) is +4.3% after RBC Capital lifted its rating to Outperform from Sector Perform. Ceragon reported $236.2M in sales over the past 12 months, and estimates further sales of $290M in the next fiscal year. Dec. 29, 2010, 3:01 PM
Whispers that Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) would unveil its version of the iPhone (AAPL) at CES next week appear to be unfounded. Rather, Verizon will preview Android (GOOG) 4G LTE devices. Just when the Verizon iPhone ships is a mystery - but both companies have a lot of work ahead.

Dec. 29, 2010, 9:50 AM | 1 Comment
The amount of data that downloaded to mobile devices doubled since last year, heavily driven by video streams, according to Cisco's (CSCO) Visual Networking Index. Although the carriers have spent billions on network upgrades, the effort's been "akin to putting a big fire out with a garden hose." Dec. 28, 2010, 1:48 PM | 1 Comment
Ailing Nokia Siemens (NOK, SI) expects a Q1 wrap for its $1.2B acquisition of the Motorola (MOT) Networks business. It had originally set a 2010 deadline, but it needs Chinese anti-monopoly regulatory clearance. The buyout may allow Nokia-Siemens to gain a foothold in both the Japanese and U.S. wireless markets. Dec. 28, 2010, 12:06 PM
In 2011, T-Mobile (DTEGY.PK) will unveil a network upgrade that boosts existing speeds by up to double, says an executive. It also will come with smartphones enabled for integration into the new service. And T-Mobile will go 'big' on Android (GOOG), 4G speeds, and tablet devices. Dec. 23, 2010, 10:55 AM
Goldman Sachs downgrades Ericsson (ERIC) to Neutral from Buy. The stock could trade at a sustained discount, given softening earnings growth, competition from Chinese rivals, and M&A risk, says Goldman. Premarket, Ericsson is -1.1%.

Dec. 23, 2010, 8:26 AM
Europe's reluctance to implement net neutrality may erode, as rivalry between mobile operators and service providers increases. "Mobile operators will be sorely tempted to do all they can to block the competition and stop them from cannibalizing their revenue streams," says an expert.

Dec. 22, 2010, 4:10 PM
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) will offer a smartphone from Motorola (MOT) to run on its new 4G network. This indicates Verizon's tight relationship with Motorola will continue in some form when Motorola Mobility launches next month. Verizon is also expected to sell the iPhone (AAPL) early in 2011. Dec. 22, 2010, 10:50 AM
Sprint (S) is +1.2% after naming as new CFO Joseph Euteneuer, currently the CFO for Qwest (Q +0.6%). Euteneuer succeeds current CFO Bob Brust, who is retiring. Euteneuer's transfer will be delayed unto Qwest's merger with CenturyLink (CTL +1.2%) wraps. (PR)

Dec. 21, 2010, 3:16 PM
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) may sell the BlackBerry Torch (RIMM), or another BlackBerry 6 OS-based device in early in 2011, says Kaufman Bros. Nevertheless, Verizon still "views iPhone (AAPL) as essential to its future success." RIM's share of Verizon sales has been plummeting. Dec. 21, 2010, 11:43 AM
RBC Capital Markets starts coverage of Motorola's (MOT +0.2%) handset spin-off Motorola Mobility with a Hold rating. When Motorola Mobility officially goes on sale on January 4, it will have $3B in cash and no debt. But it faces tough handset competition in 2011, which will pressure prices.

Dec. 21, 2010, 10:12 AM
France says Google (GOOG) and other web bandwidth hogs should pay something to help European telecoms maintain or upgrade their clogging networks. France will explore new proposals, included mandated payments. “The digital economy is developing thanks to the investments of operators," says a French minister.

Dec. 21, 2010, 9:28 AM
Sources claim Nokia (NOK -0.6%) is in talks with Microsoft (MSFT -0.1%) to port Windows Phone 7 to a new line of its smartphones. Skeptics may point out that down-sizing Nokia will have a hard enough time making good on its Symbian commitments, and Windows Phone 7 has apparently had a not-so-stellar launch. Dec. 20, 2010, 10:34 AM
This is day one of trading for the "when issued" shares of Motorola (MOT -0.1%), which splits next month. But buyers can get the shares of both the new Motorola Mobility and of Motorola Solutions by just buying MOT now. They'll receive the "value that will be unlocked" when the new shares start regular-way trading. Dec. 17, 2010, 3:06 PM | 1 Comment
Nomura Securities launches telecom coverage with a Buy for AT&T (T +1.4%). AT&T faces "meaningful attrition" when it loses iPhone (AAPL) exclusivity in 2011, and a possible subscriber drop to 65.8M from 68M. But with fewer iPhone promotions, the better AT&T's margins, and the board will soon probably approve a 2-year, $10B share repurchase plan.

Dec. 14, 2010, 2:58 PM | 1 Comment
Morgan Stanley strikes Apple's (AAPL -0.1%) name from its "Best Ideas" list, explaining the stock is up 28% over the past 6 month, double the gain for the S&P 500 during the same period. On the bright side, Morgan Stanley says Apple still has great opportunities for the iPhone and iPad, particularly in the enterprise and Chinese markets.

Dec. 14, 2010, 11:07 AM
Research in Motion's (RIMM +0.9%) PlayBook tablet will move a relatively low 2.1M units in 2011, says Citigroup. Worse, RIM's worldwide smartphone market share is 15%, down from 21% in 2009. Citigroup projects $1.62/share for Q3, versus the consensus $1.64/share, and reiterates a Sell rating.

Dec. 14, 2010, 10:48 AM | 2 Comments
Credit Suisse remains bullish on Research in Motion (RIMM -2.1%). Strong sales of the BlackBerry Torch smartphone will contribute to Q3 revenue of $5.3B, with earnings/share of $1.65. But the introduction of the iPhone (AAPL) to Verizon's (VZ, VOD) lineup will drop unit sales and cause pressure on RIM in Q4.

Dec. 13, 2010, 3:55 PM
T-Mobile (DTEGY.PK) and Sprint (S) will both offer a tablet computer next year that will be 4G speed enabled. Details are scarce on both devices, but Sprint said yesterday it planned to expand its tablet offering beyond the Galaxy Tab (SSNLF.PK) to keep up with surging demand.

Dec. 10, 2010, 4:48 PM | 1 Comment
Brokerage and investment firm CLSA gets on the Apple (AAPL)-to-$400 wagon by raising their price target from $365: A survey "suggests our iPhone unit estimates are too low," especially considering the upcoming Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) version, and the firm bumps up unit projections for iPad as well. AAPL now +0.3% to $320.72.

Dec. 10, 2010, 1:38 PM | 1 Comment
Android (GOOG) now comprises 80% of Verizon Wireless' (VZ, VOD) smartphone sales, at the expense of the BlackBerry (RIMM), says ITG Investment Research. In Oct. 2009, RIM represented 93% of Verizon's smartphone sales, but with Android's advance, it dropped down to about 19% as of last month, with little hope of a rebound.

Dec. 10, 2010, 1:31 PM
France Telecom (FTE) and other European carriers need billions to upgrade their networks to cope with growing wireless data traffic, and want bandwidth hogs like Google (GOOG) and Apple (AAPL) to contribute. The data explosion caused by 'net users is "a challenge for carriers like us,” says an FTE executive. And if the operators don't get the money they want, there could be a cold war. Dec. 8, 2010, 3:06 PM | 4 Comments
"Perception lags reality," says an AT&T (T) executive after customers ranked it the worst cellular provider in the U.S. AT&T has spent $18B this year to let its network handle the data traffic surges from the iPhone (AAPL) and other devices, he says. “We’ve already seen the wave, and we know what to do."

Dec. 8, 2010, 10:45 AM
Android (GOOG) smartphone owners are bigger bandwidth hogs than users of rival devices, as they run lots of video over the networks. Smartphones overall are burdening wireless carrier capacity, and the problem will only increase until the carriers start rationing their services or build out the networks.

Dec. 8, 2010, 9:36 AM
More details emerge about the Chrome OS (GOOG) notebook. Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) will provide the WiFi and 3G connectivity, and the initial manufacturers will be Acer, Samsung (SSNLF.PK), and Intel (INTC). It can be set up quickly, has a super-fast booting capability, and ships by mid-2011.

Dec. 7, 2010, 3:23 PM
AT&T (T) will weather its upcoming loss of iPhone (AAPL) exclusivity in 2011 just fine, says Piper Jaffray. Piper also expects AT&T to offer a dividend hike, and to repurchase up to 400M shares this month. AT&T is +0.7 % to $28.51. Dec. 7, 2010, 11:54 AM
Apple (AAPL) hit a new 52-week high of $322.33, up from $321.30, leaving it with a market cap of more than $294B. Potential causes for the uptick include a report Apple may receive favorable terms on iPhone sales next year. Apple closed +0.8% at $320.15. Dec. 6, 2010, 4:24 PM | 1 Comment
Verizon (VZ) might pay extra to Apple (AAPL) to keep the iPhone in its and AT&T's (T) exclusive hands, suggests Kaufman Bros. Verizon is due to ship the phone next year and might offer special terms so Sprint (S) and T-Mobile (DTEGY.PK) don't get it. If so, Apple will enjoy better margins and still move enough units to fend off a surging Android (GOOG).

Dec. 6, 2010, 11:59 AM | 2 Comments
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) launches its 4G 'Long Term Evolution' mobile broadband network on Sunday. With speeds of up to 12 megabits per second, the network is 10 times faster than Verizon's existing 3G infrastructure. The network will debut initially in 38 cities, 60 airports, and comes with new data plans. (PR)

Dec. 1, 2010, 12:53 PM
U.S. regulators want to free broadcast airwaves to meet the expanding demand for handheld wireless traffic. "The explosive growth of mobile communications threatens to outpace the infrastructure on which it relies," says FCC Chairman Julius Genachowski. Dec. 1, 2010, 9:42 AM
The iPad (AAPL) and other Apple gadgets should do especially well this holiday season, with a boost from partners Wal-Mart (WMT), Target (TGT), and Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD). A survey shows 9% of holiday shoppers will pick up an iPad in the next 90 days, locking it in as the touchscreen computer leader. Apple is -0.5% to $313.25. Nov. 29, 2010, 10:32 AM
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) will extend Skype support to some of its prepaid phones. Since becoming partners in February, Verizon has added Skype support for 20 devices on its network.

Nov. 23, 2010, 3:28 PM
Amazon (AMZN) is selling Verizon Wireless' (VZ, VOD) high-end Android (GOOG) handsets for 1 cent through November 22. The deal requires buying a new Verizon contract, but nevertheless offers a huge discount. Amazon closed at +0.5% % to $164.99. Nov. 19, 2010, 4:16 PM
Cox Communications will become the first U.S. cable company to challenge AT&T (T) and Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) with a wireless phone offering. Cox will use Sprint Nextel's (S) 3G infrastructure as it builds its own network, and will support Android (GOOG) based phones. However, Cox is 'late to the party in a crowded industry,' says an analyst.

Nov. 19, 2010, 2:39 PM
Sources claim Apple (AAPL) risks a 'war' with Vodafone (VOD) and other European carriers over a proposed new iPhone SIM card. This SIM chip would allow customers to immediately access Apple's website and services - but also to switch carriers or demand shorter-term agreements. Operators may cut their Apple phone subsidies to block the SIM.

Nov. 19, 2010, 8:14 AM | 3 Comments
Vodafone (VOD) will resolve its relationship with its cash-strapped Verizon Wireless (VZ) joint venture by the end of 2011, says CEO Vittorio Colao. "If it’s impossible to get cash out of it, we should go for other solutions which are not very advantageous to our shareholders and the company,” he says. Nov. 18, 2010, 3:56 PM
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) is mulling charging wireless customers by both the speed of their data connections, as well as by volume of data. This move would be paired with Verizon's migration to a 4G network. Nov. 18, 2010, 9:36 AM | 1 Comment
Big carriers like Vodafone (VOD) and France Telecom (FTE) neglected selling the lucrative smartphone add-ons and services that have enriched Apple (AAPL) and Google (GOOG). Now they must scramble uphill to provide mobile payment, entertainment, and productivity apps.

Nov. 17, 2010, 9:36 AM
Details are reportedly coming tomorrow on the joint venture between Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD), AT&T (T) and T-Mobile (DTEGY.PK) (as well as Discover (DFS) and Barclays (BCS)) on a mobile payments system that will allow consumers to complete purchases with their phones. Nov. 15, 2010, 3:15 PM | 3 Comments
A host of tablet computers are soon due to hit the field, with sales jumping from 15.1M units in 2010 to 115M in 2014, and revenue moving from $9.5B to $55B in the same period. The winners will include iPad (AAPL)-chasing PC makers like Dell (DELL) looking for a new revenue stream. The losers will include the cannibalized notebooks and netbooks markets. Nov. 15, 2010, 2:50 PM
There's more at stake in Vodafone's (VOD) tax dispute with India that just Vodafone's finances. A verdict against the company could make India less attractive to foreign firms fearful of retroactive changes to India's tax law.

Nov. 15, 2010, 10:11 AM
India's Supreme Court orders Vodafone (VOD) to set aside 25B rupees ($554M) on its contested $2.5B tax bill and to arrange a bank guarantee on the remaining 85B rupees while hearings continue; Vodafone hadn't made any provisions for the payment.

Nov. 15, 2010, 8:20 AM
Vodafone (VOD) reports selling its stake in China Mobile (CHL) boosted earnings 56% to $11.4B in the first half of its fiscal 2011. On Tuesday, it announced a $5B plan to sell its holdings in Japanese wireless operator Softbank Corp (SFTBF.PK). However, Vodafone apparently will retain its prized 45% stake in Verizon Wireless (VZ) in hopes of a future dividend.

Nov. 10, 2010, 1:52 PM
Vodafone (VOD +0.6%) speeds up the sale of its non-core assets with plan to divest its interests in Japanese wireless operator Softbank Corp. for £3.1B ($5B). Vodafone also hikes its full-year forecast for adjusted operating profit to £11.8B-12.2B.

Nov. 9, 2010, 7:33 AM
A good look at the challenges - and opportunities - for Ivan Seidenberg's Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD), as the company's investments in networks and technology face what may be their biggest test in the forthcoming iPhone (AAPL) offering. Oct. 30, 2010, 8:10 AM
Premarket gainers: LVS +13%. FLEX +13%. USU +11%. MLNX +9%. MPEL +8%. SYMC +7%. EK +7%. VHC +5%. MOT +5%. AKAM +5%. HDY +5%. WYNN +5%. REDF +4%. BSX +4%. LDK +4%. AEM +4%. ENTR +4%. VOD +4%. CELG +4%. STM +4%.
Losers: FBC -34%. OCLR -31%. FIRE -20%. SKX -15%. BPFH -12%. FNSR -10%. JDSU -9%. PMI -8%. TER -7%. FLS -7%. AVP -7%. UCBI -7%. ZNH -6%. EXXI -6%. SMT -5%. ALL -5%. CRI -5%. DVAX -4%. CAVM -4%. AIB -4%.

Oct. 28, 2010, 9:20 AM
Sprint Nextel (S) prices the Samsung Galaxy Tab - perhaps the most credible competitor to the iPad (AAPL) - at $400, cheaper than the $600 that Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) is charging, but requiring a two-year contract that Verizon isn't.

Oct. 25, 2010, 12:45 PM
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) sets the price for Samsung's Galaxy Tab at just under $600, $30 less than its model of the iPad (AAPL) - but still too high a price, analysts say, because of the perception of iPad quality.

Oct. 20, 2010, 12:27 PM
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) sets Oct. 28 for the start of its tiered data pricing, following similar moves that have been a boon for AT&T (T) - except unlike AT&T, Verizon's keeping an unlimited-data option for smartphones.

Oct. 19, 2010, 1:53 PM
AT&T (T), Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD), Deutsche Telekom (DTEGY.PK) and Sprint (S) are among the major firms reportedly interested in a Clearwire (CLWR) auction of wireless airwaves. Clearwire is trying to fund the expansion of its high-speed wireless network, and the sale could bring in as much as $5B. CLWR +10.1% premarket.

Oct. 13, 2010, 7:34 AM
Apple (AAPL -0.1%) plans to begin mass producing a new iPhone by the end of 2010 that would allow Verizon Wireless (VZ -0.4%) to sell the smartphone early next year, WSJ reports. The new iPhone would be based on CDMA wireless technology used by Verizon. This would spell the end of AT&T's (T -3.7%) exclusive U.S. arrangement with Apple. The new phone will use a chip made by Qualcomm (QCOM +0.5%).

Oct. 6, 2010, 2:32 PM | 2 Comments
Calling Vodafone (VOD) "a little bit too heavy, not fast enough," CEO Vittorio Colao wants to unwind some of the ventures built up during a decade of expansion and focus on offering new services in key markets (Europe, Sub-Saharan Africa and India). Last week's China Mobile (CHL) stake sale was a first step. Sep. 14, 2010, 7:47 AM
Vodafone's (VOD) decision to offload its China Mobile (CHL) holdings could be the first stake sale of many as the company tries to slim down, but the other sales might not go as smoothly. With a limited number of potential buyers, Vodafone will likely find it tough to sell its stakes in firms like France's SFR and Verizon Wireless (VZ). Sep. 8, 2010, 7:25 AM | 1 Comment
Vodafone (VOD -1.5%) plans to sell its entire 3.2% stake in China Mobile (CHL -2.3%) for about $6.6B, Bloomberg reports. Sep. 7, 2010, 4:46 PM | 2 Comments
A roadmap from Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) that blogger Boy Genius says he obtained suggests that a Motorola (MOT) Droid tablet -- competition for the AAPL iPad -- isn't coming until next year, with a new 3.0 release of the Android OS (GOOG).

Aug. 9, 2010, 1:12 PM | 3 Comments
With Sprint Nextel (S) pushing its Clearwire alliance to spread its 4G network presence, the pressure's on other carriers - and Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) may be launching its own network in 25 markets on November 15, and new handsets in time for holiday shopping.

Jun. 30, 2010, 1:24 PM
Verizon Wireless (VOD +1.3%), Google (GOOG -1.5%) and Motorola (MOT -3.9%) unveil their latest iPhone (AAPL -0.5%) competitor, the Droid X, a day before the new iPhone hits stores. The smartphone will sell for $199.99 with a two-year contract when it launches July 15. Jun. 24, 2010, 3:24 PM
AT&T (T) received its regulatory approval to buy Verizon Wireless' (VZ, VOD) wireless spectrum license. Approval for the $2.35B deal was widely expected, but the long regulatory lag had frustrated many AT&T execs. VOD +0.9% premarket.

Jun. 23, 2010, 7:23 AM
Verizon (VZ) signals it may start paying Vodafone (VOD) a dividend in 2012, marking the first time since dividend payments were suspended in 2005 that a specific restoration date has been aired. The effect on Vodafone could be "transformative," boosting free cash flow by more than 30%. Jun. 18, 2010, 8:28 AM
The FCC's latest report on wireless has a key change: It doesn't conclude the industry is "competitive," which could mean restrictions for Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) and AT&T (T), and a boost for Sprint-Nextel (S) and T-Mobile (DT). Smartphone penetration and texting are big, and growing data revenue isn't making up for declining voice revenue yet.

May 21, 2010, 1:22 PM
Vodafone (VOD) booked a £2.3B ($3.4B) impairment charge on its Indian operations due to stiff competition and a fierce price war, overshadowing market-beating full-year results and dividend guidance. For the year ended March 31, net profit more than doubled and revenue rose 8.4%. Shares -1.9% premarket.

May 18, 2010, 9:07 AM
Android (GOOG) has passed the iPhone (AAPL) in U.S. mobile market share, thanks to heavily promoted sales of the Droid phone at Verizon (VZ, VOD), NPD Group says. Android surged to 28% share in the first quarter, compared with iPhone's 21%; BlackBerry (RIMM) still leads at 36% of the market.

May 10, 2010, 11:44 AM | 2 Comments
Looking at the oddities around Google's (GOOG) Nexus One handset marketing - sold online instead of where people can hold it, with little or no advertising - and its setbacks (like Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) backing away), Jeff Bertolucci asks: Was it meant to be a flop? That is, as just a traction grabber for Android (at which it's been a success)? Apr. 28, 2010, 10:52 AM | 4 Comments
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) backed off its plans to offer service for the Nexus One handset from Google (GOOG -2%) - which may be signaling Verizon views Google as more of a competitor than a partner. Up until this morning, the Nexus One site said the phone was coming to Verizon. Apr. 26, 2010, 11:47 AM | 8 Comments
Microsoft (MSFT) gets social with its new phones, Kin 1 and Kin 2 -  made by Sharp (SHCAY.PK), sold exclusively by Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD), targeted to teens and twenty-somethings. (streaming event)

Apr. 12, 2010, 1:28 PM
Verizon (VZ -0.6%) CEO Ivan Seidenberg says there is "no compelling reason" to merge with wireless partner Vodafone (VOD -2.2%) as a means to gain full control of its fastest-growing business. Apr. 6, 2010, 2:42 PM
Premarket gainers: CPBY +29%. AVNR +11%. PUDA +5%.
Losers: TNK -7%. MEE -7%. RDEA -7%. UNIS -6%. NBG -5%. IRE -4%. SVA -4%. STD -4%. VOD -4%. CA -4%. PMI -4%.

Apr. 6, 2010, 9:00 AM
Sources say Microsoft (MSFT) will roll out plans to introduce a new line of mobile phones on April 12 that will emphasize social-networking services targeted at young consumers. The so-called "Pink" phones will be offered through a partnership with Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD). Apr. 5, 2010, 4:11 PM | 1 Comment
Apple (AAPL) is reportedly prepping new iPhones for summer, including a CDMA version that would work on Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD). Apple shares hit an all-time intraday high of $233.87 today; +0.6% AH to $233.90. (WSJ)

Mar. 29, 2010, 5:23 PM | 1 Comment
Vodafone (VOD) and Verizon (VZ) are reportedly considering three solutions for jointly-owned Verizon Wireless, including a possible merger of the two firms or a sale of their respective stakes in the venture to each other or to a third party. A merger of the two could be worth over £120B ($179B). Mar. 28, 2010, 1:18 PM | 3 Comments
Skype explains why it's showing up in Nokia's (NOK) app stores everywhere but the U.S.: purely a marketing decision, to drive Skype's deal with Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD). Mar. 5, 2010, 4:39 PM
Setting an April 3 debut for the iPad has helped push Apple (AAPL +3.7%) to its all-time high of $218.50. Heavy dollar volume in AAPL is lifting tech as a sector, with the notable exception of Microsoft (MSFT -0.4%) - whose iPhone catch-up "Project Pink" is rumored to be coming to Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD).

Mar. 5, 2010, 11:56 AM
"Wireless simply cannot be described as a growth industry any more," says Bernstein Research, citing measly 2.6% growth in 4Q09. The report says 2010 expectations "look too optimistic," suggesting lower-than-forecast revenue growth at Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD), AT&T (T), Sprint (S), T-Mobile (DT) and others.

Feb. 26, 2010, 1:21 PM
According to PC World's newest 13-city 3G network performance test, AT&T's (T) much-maligned 3G network has indeed undergone a drastic makeover. Download speeds were 84% better than they were eight months ago - and a full 67% faster than rivals Sprint (S), T-Mobile (DT), and Verizon (VZ, VOD).

Feb. 23, 2010, 4:46 PM
The deal that Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) made with Skype is fascinating but still requires users to pay for a voice component - which means that if it's a game-changer, the change may still be a ways off. Feb. 16, 2010, 5:26 PM
Another milestone in mobile phone companies' migration to selling data instead of voice may come next Tuesday, if Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) announces that voice app Skype is working across its network, as with AT&T (T). (previously)

Feb. 12, 2010, 1:56 PM
Vodafone (VOD) signs a four-year agreement with Oracle (ORCL) to provide voice, data and management services to employees in the European, Middle East and Africa region. Vodafone didn't specify how much the contract was worth, but said it could provide Oracle with significant savings.

Feb. 8, 2010, 9:24 AM
Leap Wireless (LEAP) bounded +13% into the close on reports it's hired Goldman Sachs to help it consider a merger or sale - possibly to Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) or AT&T (T). Yet the news could be designed to prod MetroPCS (PCS +5.3%) to act - just two and a half years ago, Leap rejected overtures from MetroPCS that valued Leap at $4.7B; today Leap's market cap is around $1B.

Feb. 1, 2010, 4:25 PM
Verizon Wireless (VZ -1.4%, VOD -2%) fires a shot across the bows both of competitors and "bandwidth hogs," repricing its plans with cuts to basic wireless costs of about $29/month - but likely urging more customers to trade up for data. A Pali Research note estimates the prices amount to a 30% cut in voice and a 50% increase to data, coming to an 8-10% cut overall in popular high-end plans.

Jan. 15, 2010, 10:26 AM | 1 Comment
Speech software company Nuance Communications (NUAN -1%) acquires England's SpinVox for $66M in cash and about $36.5M in stock, in order to boost voice mail speech recognition. SpinVox's customers include units of Verizon Wireless (VZ), Vodafone (VOD) and Telefonica (TEF). Dec. 30, 2009, 11:25 AM | 1 Comment
FCC calls Verizon Wireless' (VZ, VOD) response to its inquiry about the telco's doubling of some early termination fees to $350 unsatisfying and, in some cases, troubling. "Consumers already pay high monthly fees for voice and data designed to cover the costs of doing business. So when they are assessed excessive penalties, especially when they are near the end of their contract term, it is hard for me to believe that the public interest is being well served." Amen. Dec. 24, 2009, 11:04 AM | 3 Comments
While Google (GOOG) plans to sell the Google phone directly, sources say it has turned to carriers to help it market the Nexus One. So far only T-Mobile (DT) has signed on, which reportedly impacted Google's decision to go with GSM and not CDMA - to the exclusion of Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD). Dec. 14, 2009, 7:31 AM
AT&T (T +0.6%) and Verizon Wireless (VZ +0.8%, VOD +1.9%) end their kerfuffle over maps, with AT&T dropping its suit over advertised 3G coverage (AT&T was unlikely to prevail, the judge said) and Verizon dropping its earlier suit over "most reliable network" status.

Dec. 2, 2009, 12:38 PM
Premarket gainers: PCLN +11%. AVNR +10%. JASO +8%. AIG +8%. RAX +8%. BZH +7%. ALV +4%. QGEN +4%. RTK +4%.
Losers: MBI -13%. ABK -7%. CPST -7%. FLR -6%. BCS -5%. NS -5%. AIB -5%. ALU -4%. VOD -4%. S -4%.

Nov. 10, 2009, 9:00 AM
Michael Arrington: Droid (MOT, GOOG, VZ, VOD) is the coolest mobile phone to exist to date. Nov. 6, 2009, 7:34 AM
AT&T (T) sues Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) over its recent "There's A Map For That" ad campaign, claiming the commercials falsely suggest AT&T has huge gaps in its wireless coverage, and not just its 3G coverage. AT&T, the sole U.S. iPhone carrier, has been widely criticized for its spotty 3G. Nov. 3, 2009, 3:33 PM | 1 Comment
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) becomes the latest U.S. carrier to say it will develop and sell Android-based phones and services. Google's (GOOG) end game appears to be cornering targeted advertising on mobile phones, which many analysts believe is the next big frontier in advertising. Oct. 6, 2009, 1:19 PM
Vodafone (VOD) to sell Apple's (AAPL) iPhone in the U.K. and Ireland starting early 2010 (PR). The announcement comes a day after France Télécom's (FTE) Orange got the go-ahead to sell the iPhone in the U.K., bringing to an end to O2's (TEF) two-year exclusive contract.

Sep. 29, 2009, 4:12 AM
Vodafone (VOD -1%) inks a deal with Warner Music Group (WMG +1.1%), which it says makes it the first wireless operator to offer over-the-air access to DRM-free music from all four major labels after previous deals with EMI, Universal and Sony (SNE).

Sep. 21, 2009, 10:50 AM
The T-Mobile/Orange tie-up could prompt O2 and Vodafone (VOD) - currently Nos. 1 and 2 with 27.1% and 23.6% of the U.K. market - to consider an acquisition, such as Hutchison Whampoa's 3 U.K.

Sep. 8, 2009, 4:24 AM
Sources say Vodafone (VOD) and Telefonica SA (TEF) have each tabled £3.5B bids for T-Mobile UK (DT), but Deutsche Telekom CEO Rene Obermann may prefer a proposal by France Telecom (FTE) which would merge T-Mobile with Orange. (London Times)

Sep. 6, 2009, 5:17 PM
Deutsche Telekom (DT +1.5%) is reportedly putting T-Mobile UK on the selling block, with possible buyers including Vodafone (VOD), France Telecom (FTE) and Telefonica (TEF). Sep. 3, 2009, 2:16 PM
A potential bidding war for the British unit of Deutsche Telekom's T-Mobile (DT): After reports last week that Vodafone (VOD) is considering a bid, come reports that both France Telecom's Orange (FTE) and Telefonica's O2 (TEF) are also weighing offers. Jul. 2, 2009, 8:51 AM
Vodafone (VOD) is reportedly mulling a bid to buy T-Mobile UK (DT) in a move that would shake up the U.K. mobile market and face potential resistance from regulators. A deal would give Vodafone control of around 35M subscribers, about 50% of the U.K. market. Jun. 29, 2009, 7:15 AM
Premarket gainers: IRE +22%. THC +16%. SKS +15%. HEB +13%. BEAT +13%. TRID +12%. AIB +10%. DSCO +9%. SOLF +7%. TRIN +6%. CTIC +6%. NVAX +5%. DB +5%. AAUK +4%. CNB +4%. YRCW +4%. UBS +4%. FIG +4%.
Losers: APP -20%. JASO -14%. MXB -10%. PVA -7%. SAY -7%. HOV -6%. VOD -6%. RBC -6%. INFY -5%.

May 19, 2009, 9:00 AM
Vodafone (VOD): Full-year Ebitda of £14.5B, in-line with consensus, up from £13.2B a year ago. Sales rose 16% to £41.02B. Vodafone added 7M new customers in Q4 to 303M. Shares -1.75% premarket. (Bloomberg) May 19, 2009, 6:29 AM
Notable earnings before Tuesday's open: DKS, HD, JASO, MDT, SKS, SOLF, TJX, VOD May 19, 2009, 12:05 AM
BT Group's (BT) Q1 numbers, layoffs, and dividend cut spooked investors Thursday, but Barron's says its rivals Vodafone (VOD) and Telefonica SA (TEF) are prepped for healthy earnings from the cellular boom in emerging markets.

May 15, 2009, 11:03 AM
Premarket gainers: DDR +34%. F +24%. RVBD +13%. CAKE +13%. RAD +12%. INFA +11%. STAR +10%. AXP +9%. JNPR +8%. HMY +7%. TS +6%. GFI +6%. SLB +6%. LVS +5%. FIG +4%. FIG +4%. MSFT +4%. TOT +4%.
Losers: UCBH -19%. IBKR -15%. CPN -9%. CYBS -8%. MAR -4%. ACI -4%. NFLX -3%. VOD -3%. SD -3%.

Apr. 24, 2009, 9:02 AM
Alcatel-Lucent (ALU) names Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) as a customer. Starent's (STAR) days as Verizon Wireless' only supplier appear to be numbered.

Apr. 1, 2009, 1:21 PM
Premarket gainers: ZZ +24%. AIB +14%. CNB +12%. IRE +11%. MV +9%. SAY +8%. FCS +7%. LVS +6%. JKHY +5%. FITB +5%. VMW +5%. GFI +5%. TM +4%. VOD +4%. HBC +4%. MGM +3%.
Losers: CELG -13%. URBN -8%. APOL -8%. IDTI -7%. TSM -7%. SOL -5%. FIS -5%. BAC -5%. TER -4%. AXE -4%. DRYS -4%. WLT -4%. LSI -4%. CIT -4%. JPM -3%. MS -3%. WFC -3%. X -3%. C -3%. S -3%. F -3%. Apr. 1, 2009, 9:00 AM
Telefonica (TEF) and Vodafone (VOD) will share networks in Britain, Germany, Ireland and Spain to cut costs. Both companies would consider additional cooperation. Mar. 23, 2009, 11:33 AM
Yahoo (YHOO) is reportedly in talks to make its mobile search product the default software on phones sold by Vodafone (VOD) in Europe. Vodafone's distribution deal with Google (GOOG) expires this year.

Mar. 6, 2009, 7:35 AM
According to 'deep throats' at Apple (AAPL), Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) will soon be announced as an iPhone provider, ending Apple's exclusivity agreement with AT&T (T).

Feb. 23, 2009, 11:58 AM
Vodafone (VOD) is reportedly planning to cut hundreds of U.K. jobs to bring down costs and protect earnings. CEO Vittorio Colao is pushing managers to eke out more profit from existing operations. The measures will likely be announced tomorrow.

Feb. 23, 2009, 7:41 AM
Weak pound boosting Vodafone's (VOD) FQ3 should have surprised no-one, yet it did, with shares now +6.6% despite a 1% drop in sales net of currency gains. With U.K. P/E ratios at 8x, compared to 14x in the U.S., Britain is probably home to some more hidden gems.

Feb. 3, 2009, 11:43 AM
Premarket gainers: ITMN +41%. DRYS +31%. OSIP +13%. EXM +9%. ADCT +7%. ADP +6%. DHI +6%. TYC +6%. HBAN +6%. GNK +6%. VOD +6%. AFL +6%. SGP +5%. RF +5%. EMR +5%. DB +5%. RBS +5%. C +5%.

Feb. 3, 2009, 9:05 AM
Vodafone (VOD): FQ3 revenue of £10.5B (+14.3%), better than the £10.29B consensus. VOD's euro-denominated sales benefitted from the weaker pound; excluding currency swings, sales were down 1%. Shares +5.5% premarket. (PR) Feb. 3, 2009, 7:47 AM
Vodafone (VOD) and Orange (FTE) are close to signing a deal to further share the cost of technology, engineering and maintenance at their network base stations in the U.K., which could save VOD £1B a year. Jan. 4, 2009, 8:12 AM
Former Vodafone (VOD) chief Arun Sarin will not pursue the CEO post at Yahoo (YHOO), despite the latter's apparent keen interest. The reason? "A perceived risk that the company could be dismembered." Blodget says the FT story "reeks of one-sided propaganda."

Dec. 16, 2008, 8:05 AM
Andriod flexes its muscles: The consortium behind the Google-developed (GOOG) mobile OS - the Open Handset Alliance - adds 16 new members including ARM (ARMH), Garmin (GRMN), Sony Ericsson (SNE, ERIC) and Vodafone (VOD). Dec. 9, 2008, 1:21 PM
Yahoo's (YHOO) CEO search narrows. Sources say Arun Sarin, former chief executive of Vodafone Group (VOD), is on the short-list. Dec. 9, 2008, 7:28 AM
Vodafone (VOD) and Western Union (WU) plan to team up on international money transfers via mobile phones. The partnership will be officially announced later today. Dec. 8, 2008, 8:06 AM | 1 Comment
Vodafone (VOD) loses a landmark petition against a $2B tax bill relating to its purhcase of an Indian mobile phone company, but says it will appeal. Shares are up 1%. Dec. 3, 2008, 10:47 AM | 1 Comment
Premarket gainers: GM +11%. CNQR +11%. M +6%. VOD +5. TS +4%. GGB +3%. NAT +3%. TSN +3%. NICE +3%.

Nov. 12, 2008, 8:47 AM
Premarket gainers: VOD +10.5%. QGEN +4%. WYNN +3.5%. AIB +3%. AMR +3%. FRO +3%. CHK +1.5%. CCL +1.5%.

Nov. 11, 2008, 9:20 AM
Early premarket gainers: VOD +10%. CHK +2%.

Nov. 11, 2008, 8:15 AM
Vodafone (VOD) cuts its full-year sales forecast for the second time in four months, to £38.8B ($60.8B) from £39.7B, and promises to launch a £1B cost-cutting campaign. Shares +6.2% pre-market.

Nov. 11, 2008, 4:58 AM
Research in Motion's (RIMM) answer to the iPhone (AAPL), the touchscreen BlackBerry Storm, goes on sale in Britain Nov. 14. Sales partner Vodafone (VOD) says 'thousands' (2,000?) have pre-ordered.

Nov. 6, 2008, 2:54 PM
Early premarket gainers: CHU +5.6%. ELN +5.5%. DOW +4.9%. AMGN +4.6%. VOD +3.25%. LYG +3.2%. POT +3.6%. AZN +2.7%.

Oct. 23, 2008, 8:18 AM
Activist investor Glenn Cooper, who last year took on Vodafone (VOD), is raising a £500M fund to target UK heavyweights. GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) is on the top of his list. (The Independent) Oct. 20, 2008, 5:54 AM
In an exclusive deal with Research in Motion (RIMM), Vodafone (VOD) will offer a new touch-screen BlackBerry. Called Storm, the handset will go on sale next month in Europe, India, Australia and New Zealand. Pre-market: VOD +1.1%, RIMM -1.9%.

Oct. 8, 2008, 5:24 AM
Vodafone (VOD): FQ1 sales of £9.82B (+19.1%) in-line. Sees full-year sales at the bottom of its £39.8-40.7B range. Profit outlook unchanged at £11-11.5B. [DJ] Jul. 22, 2008, 5:49 AM
Members of Ghana's opposition party have so far blocked the government's attempt to sell Vodafone (VOD) a 70% stake in the country's state-owned telecom for £450M. Jul. 21, 2008, 6:42 AM
Vodafone (VOD) to buy 70% of Ghana Telecom for $900M. Continues mobile operator's focused push into emerging markets. Jul. 3, 2008, 7:27 AM
Vodafone (VOD) is up 4.6%. Verizon (VZ) is pressuring VOD to sell its 45% stake in Verizon Wireless, their JV.

Jun. 30, 2008, 8:58 AM
Telecoms are down after UBS downgraded Verizon (VZ) and AT&T (T) to Neutral from Buy. The economic slowdown is pressuring wireline fundamentals more than expected, it said. VZ -3%. T -2.7%. S -1.6%. VOD -1.5%. Q -1.7%.

Jun. 16, 2008, 10:47 AM
Palm (PALM) is up 10.8% after Verizon Wireless (VZ) (VOD) agrees to sell its $99 Centro smartphone. Analysts say it's still cheap. Jun. 12, 2008, 3:51 PM
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) will become the number-one U.S. mobile provider, followed by T, S and DT.

Jun. 5, 2008, 10:12 AM
Vodafone (VOD) bids for the 50% of South African venture Vodacom it doesn't already own. Jun. 2, 2008, 8:04 AM
Vodafone Qatar (VOD) is paying $2.12B for Qatar's second mobile license. It beat AT&T (T). VOD owns 51% of Vodafone Qatar. May 27, 2008, 11:07 AM
 
Top Authors|RSS Feeds|Sitemap|About Us|Contact Us
Terms of Use|Privacy|Xignite quote data|© 2017 Seeking Alpha
