Sign in / Join Now
Market News
Stock Ideas
Dividends
Market Outlook
Investing Strategy
ETFs & Funds
Earnings
PRO
VZ	$50.14	0.78 (1.58%)	
4:00 PM 3/15/17
Verizon Communications  |  NYSE
Post-Market:$50.05-0.09- (0.18%)4:37 PM
Get Alerts
192,722 followers
1D5D1M6M1Y5Y10YAdvanced Chart

52wk high:56.95
52wk low:46.01
EPS:3.22
PE (ttm):15.33
Div Rate (fwd):2.31
Yield (fwd):4.68%
Market Cap:$201.21B
Volume:12,577,686
LATESTANALYSISNEWSEARNINGSSTOCKTALKKEY DATAFINANCIALS
AllDividendsM&APress ReleasesOther News
Verizon, CBS enter multi-year content carriage agreement
The parties have entered an arrangement in part enabling ongoing retransmission consent of CBS TV stations and distribution on Verizon Fios TV of Showtime, Smithsonian Channel and CBS Sports Network.Verizon (VZ +1.5%) is additionally set to offer access to live, authenticated streaming on CBS.com (CBS +0.1%), CBS' app and Verizon's own authenticated platform, with expansion across other digital platforms at points in the future also planned (details to come).Terms of the deal remain confidential.
Today, 2:27 PM | 9 Comments
DOJ to announce charges in Yahoo hacks
DOJ officials are expected to announce indictments today against suspects in at least one of a series of hacking attacks on Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO), which disrupted the company's sale to Verizon (NYSE:VZ).The four accused men live in Russia and Canada, according to Bloomberg, with the Canadian far more likely to face arrest, as Russia has no extradition treaty with the U.S.
Today, 2:20 AM | 14 Comments
New York City sues Verizon over citywide-FiOS promises
In the latest move in a long-running dispute, New York City has sued Verizon (NYSE:VZ) over broken promises to make FiOS connectivity available to all city residents.Verizon had promised in 2008 to pass every residence by 2014, but the city's suit notes the company missed a 2014 deadline and hasn't installed service for thousands who have asked for it.Verizon disputes the city's take on what "passing" a home means, and says 2.2M households have access to FiOS and that it's committed to expanding it to the remaining 1M households. Mon, Mar. 13, 5:19 PM | 9 Comments
Verizon had pressed for $925M off Yahoo deal before taking $350M discount
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) ended up settling for $350M off its agreed deal price to acquire Yahoo (YHOO +1.3%) after the revelations of mass security breaches at the latter -- but originally pressed for a $925M discount.That would have brought the price to less than $4B for the core Internet assets of Yahoo.Verizon also agreed to share some future legal liabilities tied to the breaches.It's not clear from filings why Verizon backed off its demand for nearly a billion dollars off the $4.83B original price. Mon, Mar. 13, 2:16 PM | 10 Comments
Verizon launches tenders for 30 series of notes
Verizon (VZ -0.3%) has announced tender offers for 30 series of notes, issued by the company and certain of its subsidiary units.Top priorities for acceptance among the offers are long-term notes, including a series of 8.95% notes due 2039, a series of 7.375% debentures due 2032, some 7.75% notes due 2032 and nearly $2.3B in 6.55% notes due 2043.For example, hypothetical total consideration on the 8.95% notes per $1,000 principal is $1,527.20, while for the $2.27B in 6.55% notes it's $1,230.43.The offers expire at 5 p.m. ET on Friday. Mon, Mar. 13, 11:00 AM | 4 Comments
Yahoo names post-Verizon exec team
Board member Thomas McInerney will serve as CEO and Alexi Wellman will fill the CFO position.Arthur Chong has been appointed as general counsel and DeAnn Fairfield Work as chief compliance officer.Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO) CEO Marissa Mayer will remain up until the deal's closing, upon which the company will be renamed "Altaba."
Mon, Mar. 13, 8:36 AM | 43 Comments
Verizon opens applications for Media Tech Venture Studio project
Verizon's (NYSE:VZ) Ventures arm has opened the application process for its Media Tech Venture Studio.The move, in connection with R/GA, is seeking growth-stage and early-stage companies looking to disrupt digital entertainment and media consumption. Applications go from today until May 30, and the program begins in New York City July 31.Companies in the program will be able to work on projects with Verizon Ventures and the company's digital media businesses, as well as take advantage of R/GA on marketing, consulting, branding, design and technology.Up to 10 companies will be selected to participate.Verizon says areas of focus will include "content creation and personalization, VR/AR, AI, image recognition, content distribution, interactive advertising, e-sports and other emerging digital media platforms." Fri, Mar. 10, 4:26 PM | 1 Comment
Congress may overturn Obama internet privacy rules
Republicans in the Congress are moving to repeal regulations adopted by the Obama administration in October that would have subjected internet service providers to stricter scrutiny than websites to protect customers' private data.Last week, the FCC temporarily blocked some of the rules from taking effect, a victory for internet providers such as AT&T (NYSE:T), Comcast Corp (NASDAQ:CMCSA) and Verizon (NYSE:VZ). Consumer advocates opposed the move.
Thu, Mar. 9, 6:24 AM | 35 Comments
Analysts: Verizon's reputed network at risk with unlimited data
Analysts are fretting Verizon's move to join rivals in offering "unlimited" data packages, since the move goes directly toward risking the quality of its network -- long considered the wireless giant's competitive advantage.Heavier data usage will likely strain that network as well as profit margins, considering the company has the least amount of spectrum per customer connection (in large part because of the 114M users it serves).The offer is "dangerous," says telecom analyst Roger Entner. “If they sign up a lot of people, it will congest the network, and they run the risk of people saying ‘the network sucks.’ ”“Verizon appears to believe not only that their network is prepared for the inevitable volumes that will come with unlimited video, but that their competitors are not,” says analyst Craig Moffett, who estimates about $11.3B of Verizon's planned $22B in 2017 capital spending will go toward wireless (vs. $9.47B for AT&T, $5.1B for T-Mobile and $2.97B for Sprint).Verizon (VZ -0.4%) may be preparing itself for a spending war with the knowledge that Sprint can't keep up and AT&T is busy working on its Time Warner acquisition, he says. Mon, Mar. 6, 11:47 AM | 22 Comments
BTIG: Verizon's 'aimless' strategy points to long-term decline
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) is in "long-term decline," says BTIG Research's Walter Piecyk, who's observing what looks like an "aimless" strategy after the company reversed course on "unlimited" data plans.Verizon's new offering -- $80/month for unlimited data, though with aggressive speed throttling past a cap -- will cost the company more than half a billion in operating profit, Piecyk says.The company will add subscribers, he says (boosting Q1 postpaid phone net add estimates by 275,000, and by 500,000 for the full year) but it won't be enough to return to revenue growth. The firm reduced 2018 postpaid phone ARPU estimates by $1."The net impact of our subscriber increases, and ARPU reduction is a $677 million reduction to our 2018 service revenue estimate," Piecyk writes. "Our revenue estimate was further reduced by lower tablet estimates."Meanwhile, the firm's staying at Neutral on the stock. Its dividend yield has supported the company's value "even as the fundamentals are about to enter an extended period of decline."Previously: Analysts: Verizon's unlimited play a bad omen for sector (Feb. 13 2017) Fri, Mar. 3, 6:48 PM | 41 Comments
Verizon Communications Inc. declares $0.5775 dividend, sets 100M-share buyback
Verizon Communications (NYSE:VZ) declares $0.5775/share quarterly dividend, in line with previous.Forward yield 4.63%Payable May 1; for shareholders of record April 10; ex-div April 6.In addition, Board authorized the corporation to repurchase up to 100M shares of its common stock. Fri, Mar. 3, 11:56 AM | 20 Comments
Moody's lowers outlook on price war-torn wireless sector
With a price war still hot among U.S. telecom players, Moody's has lowered its outlook on the entire sector to negative from stable, forecasting that cash flows overall would fall 2% this year and be flat in 2018.One touchpoint for that change in stance could be Verizon's (NYSE:VZ) reversal on "unlimited-data" plans, which it's offering again after a break of more than five years in order to keep up with rivals -- largely part of a response to aggressive promotion from T-Mobile (NASDAQ:TMUS), which now sells only unlimited plans.T-Mobile has "pushed its bigger peers to an unhealthy level of competition," Moody's says -- reducing long-term revenue growth and forcing higher capital spending to keep up with data demands.Cable firms hungry to enter the market (Charter and Comcast, via Verizon's spectrum) won't relieve any pressure either, Moody's notes.Telecom players: VZ, T, TMUS, S, CMCSA, CHTR, USM Thu, Mar. 2, 2:14 PM | 48 Comments
Report: AT&T wins highly watched $7B deal for first responder network
AT&T (NYSE:T) is the winner of a coveted $7B contract to build FirstNet, a nationwide 700 MHz LTE network dedicated to U.S. first responders, LightReading reports.That would be a key win over Verizon (VZ -0.6%), its chief rival for the deal.Sources at Mobile World Congress said the move is a "done deal" that could be announced as soon as March.FirstNet is intended to give police, fire and emergency services interoperable radios allowing for easier communication between them. The idea was suggested as long ago as 2006, with observers noting problems caused by incompatible radios during the 9/11 terror attacks, but the process to set up the government contract is apparently coming to a close. Tue, Feb. 28, 10:22 AM | 43 Comments
Cowen unconvinced by Verizon's acquisition stance
A lunch with the investor relations arm at Verizon (NYSE:VZ) hasn't convinced Cowen & Co. to move from its Market Perform rating, amid some skepticism about the company's M&A adventures.Analyst Colby Synesael says they "continue to struggle" with the idea that Verizon's deals, such as the recently modified one for core Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO), will make much of a difference for a company of its size. And unlike AT&T, hot in pursuit of Time Warner, Verizon seems comfortable with its own rights to content for now, Tiernan Ray notes.Verizon "does not see a high demand for traditional programming and linear TV in a mobile world," Synesael and team write."The company further believes buying a large content company is overkill and could come with both cannibalization risk and production cost risk (for example digital media such as that produced/created by Complex Media can be done at one-tenth of the cost of traditional media) especially where mobile viewership adoption of such traditional content remains to be seen."If the company looked to a large/transformative deal, it would naturally work closely with the rating agencies, but at this point 'we’re not seeing it,' " Cowen says.Source: Barron's Fri, Feb. 24, 7:22 PM | 18 Comments
FCC chairman acting to roll back broadband privacy rules
New FCC Chairman Ajit Pai is moving to block Obama-era customer privacy rules that hold broadband providers to a stricter standard than websites.A spokesman for the chairman says Pai believes "all actors in the online space should be subject to the same rules," proposing "harmonizing" the FCC's approach with the FTC standards for "others in the digital economy."Rules set under the chairmanship of Tom Wheeler were set to take effect next Thursday, and Pai is pushing for the full FCC to decide the matter before then.If they don't, "then the Wireline Competition Bureau will stay that one element of the privacy rules pending a full Commission vote on the pending petitions for reconsideration consistent with past practice.”Likely broadband beneficiaries: T, VZ, CMCSA, CHTR, OTCPK:ATCEY, FTR, CTL, WIN, CCOI Fri, Feb. 24, 2:36 PM | 31 Comments
Verizon plans pilot of 5G service in 11 markets by mid-2017
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) plans to pilot 5G service in 11 markets by mid-2017, an aggressive timetable that keeps it in line with AT&T (NYSE:T) testing and works toward a promise to be "first to 5G."The company will deliver "pre-commercial" services to select customers in areas including Dallas, Denver, Houston, Miami, Seattle and Washington, D.C. in the "first half of 2017."The company's 5G build -- offering gigabit broadband service via a wireless connection -- is the "largest proving ground in the world," Verizon says.AT&T has begun a business-customer trial of 5G in Austin, Texas, at Intel's offices, and it plans a 5G DirecTV Now trial by midyear. Wed, Feb. 22, 9:33 AM | 5 Comments
Verizon adds new small tier to prepaid data plans
Verizon (VZ +0.6%) customers may be getting dizzy with the number of changes to the company's data-plan approach as it works to keep up in a competitive U.S. wireless market, and now it's got a revamp for its prepaid offerings.The company has added a new 2-gigabyte data bucket to its prepaid plans, for $40/month. That joins 5 GB for $50/month and 10 GB for $70/month in prepaid plans.Like the other two plans, the new 2 GB plan offers the ability to carry over unused data so long as customers pay on time. It also has unlimited international texting to more than 200 countries from the U.S.Verizon has traded higher on the day since premarket news that it's gotten a $350M cut in the price for its takeover of Yahoo. Tue, Feb. 21, 12:13 PM | 8 Comments
Verizon and Yahoo agree to amended merger terms
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) and Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO) confirm that they have agreed to a $350M cut in the price that Verizon will pay to swallow up Yahoo.The two companies also agree to share certain costs associated with the massive data breach at Yahoo.The $4.48B deal is expected to close in Q2.Previously: Verizon/Yahoo agree to $350M merger price cut - WSJ (Feb. 21)VZ +0.02% premarket to $49.20. YHOO +0.89% to $45.50. Tue, Feb. 21, 8:16 AM | 26 Comments
Verizon/Yahoo agree to $350M merger price cut - WSJ
A revised deal is expected to be announced today with a cut in the price by as much as $350M, according to a WSJ report.Earlier reports had suggested about a $300M discount.VZ -0.4%, YHOO +0.15% premarket
Tue, Feb. 21, 7:26 AM | 12 Comments
AT&T officially joins unlimited-data plan party
Confirming analyst speculation from earlier, AT&T (NYSE:T) is introducing a new unlimited-data plan available to all of its postpaid wireless customers (whether consumer or business).It previously offered unlimited data only as a bundle with DirecTV service, and the new move follows Verizon's (NYSE:VZ) reversal to introduce its own unlimited plan.The new plan offers unlimited talk, text and data on four lines for $180; that's a price after a $40 credit for a fourth smartphone line. Consumer will pay $220 for up to two bills before the credit kicks in.Also, following recent criticism of "unlimited" plans that throttle users after a certain number of gigabytes, AT&T says it will reduce speeds for those who use 22 GB of data.In negative ground for a bit, AT&T shares are heading into the close up 0.2%. Thu, Feb. 16, 3:56 PM | 45 Comments
Verizon acquires drone-management firm Skyward
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) has shored up its drone cred, acquiring private firm Skyward to simplify drone operations/management.Terms weren't disclosed. Skyward, based in Portland, Ore., supplies its services to commercial drone businesses, promising a connected workflow for organizations that need to manage complex fleets, including uses in agriculture and telecom as well as industrial construction and filmmaking.The acquisition will slipstream into Verizon's IoT portfolio with the company's Airborne LTE Operations initiative, set to simplify certification and connectivity of drones.Premarket: VZ +0.2%. Thu, Feb. 16, 9:14 AM | 17 Comments
Reports: Verizon/Yahoo to share breach liability; Discount could be $300M
Verizon's (NYSE:VZ) discount on its $4.8B deal to acquire Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO) may amount to as much as $300M, according to reports.That follows weeks of tense talks after a pair of massive data breaches were revealed by Yahoo, affecting 500M and 1B users respectively.And talks are still ongoing, as Verizon hasn't wrapped its investigation into the breaches, The Wall Street Journal reports. The paper says if the revision is quickly agreed to, the deal could close in April -- though an SEC probe into the breaches could still slow that timeline.The two companies (Verizon, and Yahoo leftover Altaba) would also agree to share future legal liabilities tied to the breaches disclosed after the original deal.After vaulting into positive ground on initial reports, Yahoo has given back some gains and is up 1.2%. Verizon has traded flatly since, down 0.6%. Wed, Feb. 15, 12:48 PM | 15 Comments
Yahoo jumps 2.5% on reports of revised Verizon takeover deal
Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO), in negative ground this morning, has jumped to the positive (up 2.5%) on chatter that a revised deal price in its $4.8B takeover by Verizon (VZ -0.6%) reduces the price by just $250M.The two companies are said to have tentatively reached a deal, Bloomberg notes. Wed, Feb. 15, 10:54 AM | 22 Comments
Buffett boosts airline bets, buys Monsanto and Sirius XM
Berkshire Hathaway (BRK.A, BRK.B) discloses a new near-850K share stake in Monsanto (NYSE:MON), according to its just-filed 13F. Shares are higher by 1.25% after hours.There's also a new near-750K share position in Sirius XM (NASDAQ:SIRI). Shares are higher by 2.5%, and a boosted bet on airlines with a more than 2M share stake in Southwest (NYSE:LUV), and increased holdings of Delta (NYSE:DAL) and American Airlines (NASDAQ:AAL). LUV +1.1%, DAL +0.75%, AAL +1.75%Exited are stakes in Deere (NYSE:DE) and Kinder Morgan (NYSE:KMI), and positions in Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT) and Verizon (NYSE:VZ) were lowered.Other adds include: Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and BNY Mellon (NYSE:BK).
Tue, Feb. 14, 4:21 PM | 135 Comments
Analysts: Verizon's unlimited play a bad omen for sector
All four major U.S. wireless carriers dropped today in the wake of Verizon's return to offering unlimited data plans, and analysts tend to agree that the move will mess up economics for all of them.Verizon (NYSE:VZ) shares fell 0.9% today, while AT&T (NYSE:T) dropped 1.8%, Sprint (NYSE:S) slipped 1.3% and T-Mobile (NASDAQ:TMUS) -- a net taker of customers from Verizon that emphasizes its unlimited pricing -- fell a full 2.4%.Reactions to Verizon's plan note its expense (more so than T-Mobile or Sprint) and aggressive speed throttling after users pass a data cap (common among carriers' "unlimited" plans).Evercore has a Hold rating on Verizon, and notes that throttling users at 22 GB in a month and at 10 GB of hotspot use is an "incremental negative for all carriers." The move will be accretive to ARPU at first, says Vijay Jayant, but dilutive in the long term as customers' bills stay put even as usage rises.Instinet's Jeffrey Kvaal reiterated a Neutral rating and says the move may be a "nail in the coffin" for revenue growth: "For T-Mobile and Sprint, the potential for reduced top-line growth is less of a concern as investors focus on Adjusted EBITDA and FCF. AT&T and Verizon, however, must pursue growth outside the industry." And while AT&T is counting on DirecTV and Time Warner, Verizon's flat guidance suggests a need for inorganic options. Mon, Feb. 13, 6:34 PM | 95 Comments
Senators press Yahoo after company skips meeting about data breaches
A pair of senators is pressing for more answers after Yahoo (YHOO +1%) pulled out of a planned meeting about the massive data breaches that occurred in the past few years at the Internet company.Sens. John Thune and Jerry Moran say in a letter to CEO Marissa Mayer that the company's cancellation of a staff briefing set for Jan. 31 "prompted concerns about the company’s willingness to deal with Congress with complete candor about these recent events."They've listed five questions (about subjects including number of users, type of data compromised and a detailed timeline) they want to see answered by Feb. 23.The two big breaches that Yahoo made public (one affecting about 500M accounts, the other affecting 1B) have cast clouds over the company's $4.8B deal to be acquired by Verizon (VZ -1%). Yahoo says that deal will still close in Q2.Thune is chairman of the Senate's Commerce Committee, while Moran is chairman of the Consumer Protection and Data Security Subcommittee. Mon, Feb. 13, 2:59 PM | 16 Comments
Big four wireless lower after Verizon returns to unlimited well
U.S. big four wireless stocks are trading down premarket as Verizon's move back into unlimited data plans portends no letdown in hot competition between the four.Sprint (NYSE:S) is making the biggest move in the early session, down 3.1% with well over a quarter-million shares traded. It may be suffering most as it had begun marking gains against rivals alongside its own unlimited offering.Verizon (NYSE:VZ) is off 1.5% with nearly 150,000 shares traded. Meanwhile, AT&T (NYSE:T) is down 1.2% with just under 100,000 shares traded, and smaller rival T-Mobile (NASDAQ:TMUS) is 1.7% lower in lighter volume. Mon, Feb. 13, 9:20 AM | 65 Comments
Verizon brings back unlimited data
Several years after it backed away from bottomless data packages, Verizon (NYSE:VZ) is bringing them back for $80 a month; or $180 for four separate smartphone lines.Sprint (NYSE:S) and T-Mobile (NASDAQ:TMUS) have been chipping away at Verizon's customer growth, thanks in part to those carriers' aggressive pricing for unlimited data.Last year, AT&T (NYSE:T) also started offering unlimited data plans to customers who sign up for DirecTV.
Mon, Feb. 13, 3:07 AM | 62 Comments
FCC spectrum auction finally closes at $19.6B
The second major "forward" phase of the FCC's broadcast incentive spectrum auction has come to a close.After months of action, bids from spectrum hunters reached over $19.63B for 70 MHz of spectrum sold by broadcasters in an earlier, reverse auction phase.Now follows a smaller assignment phase that could bring some extra funds as bidders aim for more specific frequencies in markets. But with the auction largely complete, the Treasury will get about $7B for deficit reduction.And the ending of the assignment phase (in two to three weeks) should reveal complete bid winners from the auction. Broadcasters from the reverse auction are free to talk about the winnings publicly, while forward participants must remain silent for now.Spectrum players: VZ, T, TMUS, S, DISH, SBGI, EVC, CMCSA, CHTR, NXST, CBS, MEG Fri, Feb. 10, 5:03 PM | 54 Comments
Comcast to comply with ruling against 'fastest' ad claims
Comcast (CMCSA -0.2%) will comply with a National Advertising Review Board decision and stop using ad claims that it's delivering the "fastest Internet in America" and "fastest in-home Wi-Fi."Verizon (VZ +0.7%) was the initial impetus behind the ruling after challenging the claims last year.The NARB noted that data behind the claims was incomplete (using crowd-sourced Ookla numbers and focusing on a downstream edge rather than upstream) and that considering the different tiers offered by the two companies, speed claims could "be subject to a number of reasonable interpretations by consumers.” Wed, Feb. 8, 7:21 PM | 9 Comments
FCC speeds spectrum bidding in effort to wrap auction
As the FCC works to bring a lengthy broadcast incentive spectrum auction to a close, bidding is speeding up.The auction's already met a number of conditions to close after the current stage, but bidding will continue until it goes silent in the 416 markets.Late yesterday, bidders in round 37 of stage four raised the total to $19.41B. Today will mark the last day of four one-hour rounds, John Eggerton notes; tomorrow, the auction moves to six 40-minute rounds and the asking price for spectrum increases by 10%.Spectrum players: VZ, T, TMUS, S, DISH, SBGI, EVC, CMCSA, CHTR, NXST, CBS, MEGPreviously: FCC incentive spectrum auction to end after current stage (Jan. 18 2017)Previously: FCC airwaves auction goes tepid as bids fail to match broadcaster supply (Jan. 18 2017) Tue, Feb. 7, 10:18 AM | 6 Comments
Barclays: Sprint/T-Mobile merger could lift U.S. wireless sector
A much-discussed potential merger of underdog carriers T-Mobile (TMUS -0.7%) and Sprint (S -0.8%) wouldn't just give a boost to their survival, one analyst notes -- it could bring more peace to a hotly competitive sector overall.The industry may have more pricing power if there were only three carriers, says Barclays' Amir Rozwadowski, rather than those two undercutting leaders AT&T (T -0.4%) and Verizon (VZ -1.1%) with aggressive promotions.He pointed to Canada, where its three carriers each bring in higher revenue per user than U.S. counterparts, have higher valuations, and sport greater margins than all except Verizon. A similar move in the U.S. would likely bring higher values for the three survivors.“If the U.S. market was to evolve in a similar manner post consolidation, we could see increased pricing power accrue to the carriers and therefore a re-rating of the sector,” Rozwadowski says. Mon, Feb. 6, 7:34 PM | 208 Comments
FCC closes probe into sponsored data with no action taken
A deeper look that the FCC was taking into sponsored data has come to a close without any action.The agency had sent letters seeking information about Internet service providers' practice of exempting some content from data limits, with concerns that such moves (known in many cases as "zero rating") might violate the FCC's net neutrality rules.Among those in the spotlight: T-Mobile (TMUS +0.3%), for its "Binge On" and "Music Freedom" video/streaming music exemptions; Comcast (CMCSA +0.2%), for its "Stream TV" service; AT&T (T +0.2%), which began zero-rating DirecTV Now video streaming for its subscribers; and Verizon (VZ +0.6%), for its Go90 video service.On a preliminary basis the FCC found such programs can hurt competition, but the finding came just days before a new presidential administration took office. Chairman Tom Wheeler left office as the Trump administration took over, and Ajit Pai is now FCC chairman. Fri, Feb. 3, 4:43 PM | 31 Comments
Verizon JV-buyout settlement gets affirmed in appeals court
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) lifted into the close to finish down just 0.3% after a state appeals court ruled in favor of the company's "disclosure-only" settlement tied to buying out Vodafone (NASDAQ:VOD) from the Verizon Wireless JV.Such a settlement (where shareholders get no money) had been rejected in December 2014. Disclosure-only settlements have been falling out of favor, criticized as of little benefit to the shareowners and companies while forcing a "merger tax" by way of paying shareholders' lawyers.Verizon's previously rejected settlement called for the company to disclose more information to shareholders who thought it overpaid, and to get a "fairness opinion" if it sold assets from the venture. Today's decision means that the extra disclosure and "fairness opinion" provided some benefits.A lower court will settle legal fees. Thu, Feb. 2, 4:06 PM | 1 Comment
Verizon closes $1.8B buyout of XO fiber business
Verizon (VZ -0.2%) has closed its $1.8B deal for the fiber-optic business of Carl Icahn's XO Communications.The transaction also includes an agreement to lease wireless spectrum from former XO affiliate NextLink Wireless, with an option to buy NextLink.Verizon believes the deal will deliver more than $1.5B (net present value) in operating and expense savings. It will begin integrating operations and facilities immediately. Wed, Feb. 1, 11:08 AM | 4 Comments
FCC Chairman Pai promises rules rollback
Signaling in line with many observers' expectations, new FCC Chairman Ajit Pai has promised to roll back outdated rules at the agency.It's a top priority to "remove unnecessary or counterproductive regulations from the books," Pai said today after chairing his first meeting.He's not yet speaking extensively on what will happen to the "open Internet" order -- net neutrality. That landmark order began to treat broadband providers as the government does utilities. He's also quiet for the moment on whether the agency will seek a review of AT&T's (T +0.8%) $85B deal for Time Warner (TWX +0.2%).He had previously withdrawn proposed reforms of the business data services market and the TV set-top box market. Today, the agency (now majority Republican) voted to abolish a requirement that cablecos, TV and radio broadcasters retain some public inspection files.Other FCC-related players: S, TMUS, VZ, DISH, SBGI, EVC, NXST, CBS, MEG, CTL, FTR, BT, CVC/OTCPK:OTCPK:ATCEY, ARRS Tue, Jan. 31, 6:22 PM | 122 Comments
Evercore starts T-Mobile at Buy, carrier rivals at Hold
T-Mobile (TMUS -2.1%) got another vote of confidence in a tough U.S. wireless market, as Evercore launched the company at Buy (and its Big Four rivals at Hold).“TMUS has the best growth prospects in the space, driven by strong branding, product innovation, and improved network performance and coverage," says analyst Vijay Jayant. “It’s also the most likely to benefit from sector consolidation or wireless M&A from outside the telecom sector, as it provides a potential acquirer the opportunity to add a business that is strong on a standalone basis, and a digestible size.”Meanwhile, pricing (with discounts of 10-30%) plays an advantage for T-Mobile and Sprint (S -1.2%) vs. bigger rivals AT&T (T -0.5%) and Verizon (VZ -0.5%), he says. "Prices, adjusted for data included, have trended downward over time. Both T and VZ still have substantial portions of their subscriber bases on subsidy plans, and those customers continue to migrate to newer, lower-cost plans."Jayant has a price target of $72 on TMUS, implying 18% upside. Mon, Jan. 30, 6:48 PM | 8 Comments
Hearing Charter chatter, Verizon bondholders press for better terms
After a bout of merger chatter that Verizon (VZ +1%) might want to "combine" somehow with Charter Communications (CHTR -2.9%) -- talk that was shot down in a few circles -- bondholders are pushing for a change in terms on an exchange offer for almost $30B in debt.On Wednesday, Verizon set up a deal to buy back 18 series of notes via an exchange for longer-dated bonds (or in some cases cash).But bondholders are fretting a downgrade in credit rating if Verizon takes on a load of new debt (atop its existing $100B) to swallow Charter. Some are pursuing coupon step-ups to guard against the prospect, though an extension could help (the offer closes on Tuesday)."People would be taking their maturities longer with this trade and a large acquisition would add uncertainty to the picture," said one investor. "We are always subject to the possibility of big acquisitions, but the proximity of it is kind of unique here." Fri, Jan. 27, 5:46 PM | 2 Comments
Sprint presses short-term promo of its unlimited-data offering for $50
Amid a swing back toward "unlimited-data" plans from major wireless carriers, Sprint (S -2.2%) is upping its promo ante by offering a limited-time $50/month deal.The promotion's good for new customers and for four days only, new CMO Roger Solé notes in a blog post that also offers two unlimited lines for $90/month total. And while its ostensible target is unlimited-unfriendly Verizon (VZ +1%), Sprint's fellow aggressive promoter T-Mobile (TMUS -1.5%) could take a hit."Welcome to 2017, Verizon," he writes about Verizon's latest offer of 5 GB/month for $55. “No one wants to watch a data meter and change their habits to meet your plan restrictions." Fri, Jan. 27, 4:20 PM | 88 Comments
Charter Communications, Liberty Broadband slip 3% on cooling Verizon chatter
After a merger-chatter boost yesterday, Charter Communications (NASDAQ:CHTR) has dipped 3.4% as other organizations throw cold water on the reports that Verizon's (NYSE:VZ) exploring a "combination."Verizon, which slipped yesterday in the wake of the report, is up 0.7% today after falling 1.3% yesterday; Charter rose 7.4% yesterday."It's going nowhere," says CNBC's David Faber, who heard that from multiple sources. "There's really nothing going on.""There may have been an overture ... and if you made one, you probably would want to go to the person at Liberty (LBRDA -3.1%), maybe it's [chief Greg] Maffei, because they have a 25% vote and they're a key and they might be willing to sell, and if they were willing to sell at a certain price, they could get other shareholders to follow along ... but there's no real talks going on."Dilution continues to be the issue for Verizon, Faber says. A purchase price for Charter (trading today at $321.72) has "gotta be above $400, could it approach $450? If you get into those kinds of numbers, you're talking about significant dilution for Verizon." Structure and tax reform (deductability of interest) play a role as well, he says. Fri, Jan. 27, 10:14 AM | 8 Comments
Dish Network -5.7% as consolidation chatter focuses on Verizon/Charter
Dish Network (NASDAQ:DISH) shares have slid 5.7% in the wake of news that Verizon (VZ -1%) may be exploring a combination with Charter Communications.Dish has been frequently rumored as a potential hookup partner for Verizon; the spectrum economics work, as Dish is sitting on a hoard of wireless airwaves.But any deal that soaks up Verizon's capital makes Dish's strategic prospects more limited. Citigroup's Michael Rollins said a Verizon/Dish deal would be less likely if Sprint and T-Mobile pursue a merger, as they might under a more deal-friendly Trump administration. Thu, Jan. 26, 11:11 AM | 5 Comments
Verizon/Charter tie-up challenges: Regulatory review, Malone's OK
Though Verizon (VZ -1.5%) chief Lowell McAdam reportedly approached people tied to Charter Communications (CHTR +7.1%) -- including Liberty's Greg Maffei -- to talk about a combination, any deal would be complicated by Charter's ownership structure as well as typical antitrust concerns for an agreement of that magnitude, The Wall Street Journal notes.The two would have a combined market cap of about $280B, along with more than $100B in debt.Regulators would surely focus on overlapping services, including home broadband and TV in markets that include greater New York.And any deal would require assent from John Malone, who holds a 25% voting stake in Charter through Liberty Broadband (LBRDA +7.2%), as well as the Newhouse family and its 7% stake.While a Charter acquisition would make Verizon more like AT&T (which has its own TV business in DirecTV), Verizon execs have said they're not interested in linear TV as much as a fiber backhaul network like the sizable one Charter has. Thu, Jan. 26, 10:03 AM | 5 Comments
Charter jumps 9.5% on report of possible tie-up with Verizon
Shares in Charter (NASDAQ:CHTR) have jumped 9.5% premarket on reports that Verizon (NYSE:VZ) is exploring a "combination" of some sort with the cableco. Meanwhile, Verizon is down 1% premarket.It's not clear whether that's a venture or full-on merger, or some more limited form of cooperation.Verizon's CEO Lowell McAdam reportedly made an early approach to officials close to Charter, according to The Wall Street Journal.Talks are preliminary and may not result in a deal, it says. Thu, Jan. 26, 9:16 AM | 15 Comments
Moffett: Do Verizon and Disney need tie-up to compete in new world?
In the wake of analysts trying to solve the problem of future growth at Verizon (VZ -0.7%) after its earnings disappointment, add M&A (and major M&A at that) to the list, says analyst Craig Moffett, with Disney (DIS +0.2%) in mind."In a postelection world where strategy has seemingly become synonymous with deal making, many might argue that the answer for fixing Verizon can only be M&A," Moffett says in a research report. "And, at Verizon's size, that means M&A on a grand scale.""Should Verizon try to buy or merge with Disney to vertically integrate like AT&T (T -0.1%)? ... Will (Verizon) need a content company to stand toe-to-toe with AT&T?"AT&T's $85B deal for Time Warner (TWX -0.2%) -- likely facing a friendlier administration in terms of media deals -- may be the enabler for a Verizon-Disney deal, he suggests, as Verizon could get diversification away from wireless service while Disney would get a world-class wireless/wireline network to distribute its content.Verizon could also hook up with Dish Network (DISH -0.6%) or a cableco. Citigroup pulled Dish from its focus list, Reinhardt Krause notes, and Citi analyst Michael Rollins thinks a Verizon-Dish tie-up is less likely if Sprint and T-Mobile look to merge (and then divest spectrum that Verizon might buy). Wed, Jan. 25, 12:56 PM | 21 Comments
Analysts go neutral on Verizon after earnings letdown
Verizon (VZ -0.6%) is seeing a set of downgrades today in the wake of disappointing earnings, though it's following the market to recover from an initial dip of as much as 2.6%.FBR cut the stock to Market Perform and set its price target at $52, implying 3.8% upside from yesterday's close. Raymond James also cut to Market Perform.RBC sees more challenging fundamentals for the wireless giant as well, cutting to Sector Perform with a $51 price target. Verizon's wireless revenues beat RBC's expectations, but device incentives provided a 380-basis point hit to margins.RBC's Jonathan Atkin and team expect hot sector competition continuing in 2017, with T-Mobile (NASDAQ:TMUS) still an aggressive threat to take share.Previously: Analysts: Verizon growth prospects likely to disappoint (Jan. 24 2017)Previously: Verizon -4.4% after earnings; Cuts, rebuild at Go90 (Jan. 24 2017) Wed, Jan. 25, 11:24 AM | 11 Comments
Analysts: Verizon growth prospects likely to disappoint
Verizon (VZ -4.2%) produced a mixed report with Q4 earnings that disappointed this morning, analysts are noting, and it hasn't escaped their attention that ironically it's wireless results that are dragging the rest of the business."While wireline was better in margin, wireless margin came in below our Street low est.,” said Wells Fargo's Jennifer Fritzsche. Yesterday she had downgraded the stock to Market Perform citing a number of challenges including revenue pressure from installment plans."The soft results in wireless serve as a stark reminder that, despite all of the understandable enthusiasm around possible regulatory reform, tax reductions, and possible consolidation, the wireless industry is still a relatively inhospitable place," wrote analyst Craig Moffett, continuing: "A good story is a growth story, and Verizon isn't growing.""Guidance calls for 2017 revenue to be consistent with that of 2016 on an organic basis. Removing $1.3 billion from Frontier (deal) in 2016 implies around 1% organic growth," Jefferies analyst Mike McCormack said. "EPS trends are expected to be similar to revenue, a level likely to be disappointing to investors who were expecting mid-single digit growth.""Verizon set full-year 2017 guidance that is below consensus (flat EPS vs 3% growth)," writes New Street's Jonathan Chaplin. "We continue to believe that the company needs a big strategic transaction to add capacity to the wireless business for the long term."Previously: Verizon -4.4% after earnings; Cuts, rebuild at Go90 (Jan. 24 2017) Tue, Jan. 24, 3:30 PM | 13 Comments
Verizon -4.4% after earnings; Cuts, rebuild at Go90
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) has slid 4.4% now and hit its lowest point in six weeks following a disappointing Q4 where it missed in financial measures as well as on operational subscriber expectations.On the company's earnings call, CFO Matt Ellis said the company should be able to keep premium pricing in its wireless business, and added that the company sees its landline business margin increasing to 20% from 19%.He said the company was still working with Yahoo (YHOO +3.1%) to assess the financial impact of data breaches there, and that Verizon's revenue "trajectory" should get better this year. Yahoo had said in its earnings release yesterday that a closing on its acquisition would be delayed into Q2.Verizon also laid off 155 staffers in its Go90 video service. The streaming service is heading for a hard rebuild by the team that Verizon acquired in its purchase of Vessel, including former Hulu CTO Richard Tom. The cuts are "not indicative to a change in our strategy," Verizon says. Tue, Jan. 24, 11:25 AM | 31 Comments
Verizon down 2.5%; earnings and postpaid net adds disappoint
Q4 adjusted EPS of $0.86 missed consensus by $0.03 and came in below the Street's range of $0.87-$0.93.Postpaid net adds of 591K vs. consensus 744K.Adjusted EBITDA of $10.4B was at the low end of Street guesses of $10.4B-$11.1B.Wireless EBITDA margin of 36.9% vs. estimates of 55.3%; FIOS video net adds of 21K vs. estimates of 35K.2017 outlook is for organic revenues to be "fairly consistent" with this year.Earnings call at 8:30 ETPresentation slidesFrom last night: Yahoo closing pushed back to Q2VZ -2.5% premarket
Tue, Jan. 24, 7:39 AM | 7 Comments
Verizon misses by $0.03, beats on revenue
Verizon (NYSE:VZ): Q4 EPS of $0.86 misses by $0.03.Revenue of $32.34B (-5.6% Y/Y) beats by $250M.Shares -1.1% PM.Press Release
Tue, Jan. 24, 7:02 AM | 23 Comments
Notable earnings before Tuesday’s open
AKS, ATI, AVX, BABA, BPOP, DD, DHI, EXP, FBC, FITB, GLW, HZO, IIVI, JNJ, JNS, KMB, LMT, MMM, NORD, ONB, PHG, PII, PLD, PPBI, SAP, TRV, VZ, WAT Mon, Jan. 23, 5:30 PM | 36 Comments
Trump names Pai FCC's new chairman, portending policy reversals
As expected, President Trump has named Republican Ajit Pai the new chairman of the Federal Communications Commission.In a statement, Pai said he was "deeply grateful" for the appointment. "I look forward to working with the new administration, my colleagues at the Commission, members of Congress, and the American public to bring the benefits of the digital age to all Americans."Pai will lead (for the moment) a three-member FCC, composed of himself and fellow GOP commissioner Michael O'Rielly and Democrat Mignon Clyburn.Pai's leadership signals coming reversals on key issues most likely including the FCC's approach to net neutrality, broadband subscriber data privacy, and mergers (watching closely: investors of AT&T (NYSE:T), Time Warner (NYSE:TWX), Sprint (NYSE:S), T-Mobile (NASDAQ:TMUS), Comcast (NASDAQ:CMCSA) and Charter (NASDAQ:CHTR)).Other FCC-related players: VZ, DISH, SBGI, EVC, NXST, CBS, MEG, CTL, FTR, BT, CVC/OTCPK:OTCPK:ATCEY, ARRS Mon, Jan. 23, 4:59 PM | 84 Comments
Wells Fargo downgrades Verizon after post-election run
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) is off 0.7% after a Wells Fargo downgrade to Market Perform, as the company's value has swelled even with growth challenges ahead.Analyst Jennifer Fritzsche has lowered valuation range to $53-$55 from a previous $56-$58; she notes shares have doubled up market performance since the election, rising 10.1%.The Street isn't fully taking into account revenue pressures from now-common equipment installment plans, she writes, as well as lack of scale in the company's emerging growth business -- not to mention competition from T-Mobile, which is on a run of capturing the industry's subscriber growth. Mon, Jan. 23, 11:25 AM | 6 Comments
Dish Network +1.8% as Morgan Stanley talks up spectrum value
Dish Network (NASDAQ:DISH) shares are up 1.8% as Morgan Stanley boosts it to Overweight with an eye to the company's increasingly valuable wireless airwaves.The nature of mobile consumption is making spectrum even more valuable, Benjamin Swinburne says -- and among the spectrum haves and have-notes in the sector, Verizon (NYSE:VZ) has a need for more while Dish is a holder.Dish is often included in consolidation speculation (with increasing emphasis on fixed-line companies like cablecos buying into wireless). Developing 5G fixed wireless could be a catalyst for convergence, and Dish Network is a "nice hedge" for cable investors in that case.Swinburne raised his price target on DISH to $75 from $61, implying 22.5% upside from today.Previously: T-Mobile +2.7% as J.P. Morgan predicts strategic tie-up (Jan. 23 2017) Mon, Jan. 23, 10:02 AM | 4 Comments
Yahoo faces SEC probe over data breaches
The SEC is investigating whether Yahoo's (NASDAQ:YHOO) two massive data breaches should have been reported sooner to investors, but were only revealed after two-plus years, WSJ reports.Both breach disclosures also came after the company agreed to sell its core business to Verizon (NYSE:VZ) in July, raising questions about whether the deal would be renegotiated or possibly even terminated.
Mon, Jan. 23, 2:22 AM | 18 Comments
Bloomberg: Trump picking Pai to lead FCC
Newly inaugurated President Trump will choose Ajit Pai to lead the Federal Communications Commission, Bloomberg reports.Pai has been a vocal part of the two-commissioner Republican minority on the FCC under outgoing Chairman Tom Wheeler. Among his notable dissents has been one on the 2015 Open Internet order ("net neutrality") -- pointing to a possible reversal of the regulations that were opposed by major telecom players including AT&T (NYSE:T) and Comcast (NASDAQ:CMCSA).If selected, Pai would lead the agency with a 2-1 GOP majority (for now; Trump can nominate commissioners to fill two open seats).Along with opposing net neutrality regulations, Pai objected to a vote to set subscriber data privacy rules affecting broadband providers, and he is more supportive of industry mergers than agency Democrats.FCC-related players: VZ, T, TMUS, S, DISH, SBGI, EVC, CMCSA, CHTR, NXST, CBS, MEG, CTL, FTR, BT, CVC/OTCPK:OTCPK:ATCEY, ARRS Fri, Jan. 20, 4:17 PM | 81 Comments
HSBC opens Comcast at Buy, Charter at Hold; upgrades Verizon to Buy
Comcast (NASDAQ:CMCSA) is still bucking a down market, up 0.4% after a launch at Buy from HSBC.Verizon (VZ -0.1%) isn't doing as well, despite being boosted to Buy at the firm from a previous Hold rating from analyst Sunil Rajgopal. Shares are trading today at $52.22; HSBC's boosted price target of $61 implies 17% upside.Also in cablecos, HSBC launched Charter Communications (CHTR +0.7%) coverage at Hold, with a price target of $270 (implying 12% downside).The firm's price target on Comcast is set at $83, implying 14% upside. Thu, Jan. 19, 3:12 PM
FCC incentive spectrum auction to end after current stage
After some doubt that bidding interest would be sufficient to bring the FCC's broadcast incentive spectrum auction to a close, FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler has confirmed the threshold was hit today.That means with requirements satisfied ($17.65B in net proceeds as of round 2), the forward auction will conclude in the current stage (Stage 4).Bidding will go on (resuming at 10 a.m. tomorrow) until there's no excess demand in any of the markets, and it will be followed by an assignment phases where winning wireless bidders can bid for specific blocks of spectrum.The benefits of running an incentive auction are "indisputable," Wheeler says: "We will repurpose 70 MHz of high-value, completely clear low-band spectrum for mobile broadband on a nationwide basis."On top of that, 14 MHz of new unlicensed spectrum -– the test bed for wireless innovation -– will be available for consumer devices and new services. The auction will provide $10.05 billion to broadcast television licensees who participated and billions towards deficit reduction."Spectrum players: VZ, T, TMUS, S, DISH, SBGI, EVC, CMCSA, CHTR, NXST, CBS, MEGPreviously: FCC airwaves auction goes tepid as bids fail to match broadcaster supply (Jan. 18 2017) Wed, Jan. 18, 7:25 PM | 63 Comments
FCC airwaves auction goes tepid as bids fail to match broadcaster supply
The FCC's broadcast incentive wireless spectrum auction is winding to a close -- and it's a less ambitious close than expected, as the agency has been lowering the price and size of the sale with bidders in short supply.The agency will now pay no more than $10B for some local broadcast licenses. That's vs. a reverse auction price set at $86.4B by the FCC last summer. So the auction may be successful in repacking spectrum for better use, but broadcasters hoping for a windfall might end up sorely disappointed.“It’s simple: The broadcasters showed up, and the carriers didn’t,” says TV station rep Preston Padden.Today brings a fourth round of bidding, but if demand doesn't match license supply (as it hasn't recently), the round could last just a few hours. Conversely, bidders who have been hiding their cards may act, with the prospect that the forward auction could close in this round.The last round of bidding ended with $19.7B in bids, about half of what the FCC needs to close the sale.Spectrum players: VZ, T, TMUS, S, DISH, SBGI, EVC, CMCSA, CHTR, NXST, CBS, MEG Wed, Jan. 18, 11:20 AM | 43 Comments
Report: Verizon chief mulling big cable acquisition
More sources are stirring up talk about a big Verizon (VZ +0.4%) move into cable, with a big purchase reportedly on CEO Lowell McAdam's mind.The New York Post hears that McAdam was telling friends at the Consumer Electronics Show that he's angling toward a cable deal to answer moves from AT&T (T +0.2%) -- and that the targets would be one of cable's top two, Comcast (CMCSA -0.2%) or Charter (CHTR +1%). "Altice (OTCPK:ATCEY) is too small," a source told the Post."They need it for 5G," says another, looking to wireless firms' ambitions to provide a phone/TV/data alternative to major MSOs.McAdam is said to be obsessed with distribution, and cable may provide a better route than the FiOS network it largely sold off to Frontier Communications. Tue, Jan. 17, 11:03 AM | 40 Comments
FCC finds sponsored data at AT&T, Verizon can hurt competition
AT&T (T -0.5%) and Verizon (VZ -0.6%) are in the crosshairs at the FCC again, as the agency's investigation into sponsored data programs -- including "zero rating," where carriers exempt their own content from using customers' data caps -- shows they could hurt consumers and competition.Ultimately, the move may not mean much, with Chairman Tom Wheeler set to leave the agency Jan. 20. The FCC isn't taking any enforcement action (which would be lengthy in scope) against either carrier.Sponsored data programs at those companies can cause harm "by unreasonably discriminating in favor of select downstream providers, especially their own affiliates."Senior Republican Commissioner Ajit Pai -- expected by many to serve as interim chairman with a GOP majority as soon as next week -- says the new staff report "does not reflect the views of the majority of commissioners," suggesting a possible reversal of course after the inauguration. Wed, Jan. 11, 4:36 PM | 27 Comments
Yahoo still gathering info for Verizon
"There continues to be some concern that Verizon (VZ +0.1%) won't go ahead with the purchase of Yahoo's (YHOO +1.8%) core business because of the two huge hacks that took place," according to CNBC's David Faber."I'm being told right now that they're still gathering information on usage - that is... that the Yahoo side - is going to present it to Verizon saying 'here's where things stand.' Did we really see a decline in usage as a result of the hacks or not.""The likelihood is still that this deal occurs. Will Verizon get a price cut? Why wouldn't they give it a shot. Will they be able to? We'll see."
Tue, Jan. 10, 10:08 AM | 25 Comments
Yahoo leftovers to be called Altaba; Mayer, Filo to leave board
In new proxy materials submitted to the SEC, Yahoo (YHOO +0.3%) has revealed that the company that will remain after core assets are sold to Verizon (VZ -1.1%) will be called Altaba.That's the entity that will hold $36B in shares of Alibaba (BABA +0.9%) after Verizon takes most of the rest.Following the closing, Marissa Mayer and others will resign from a board that will shrink to five members: Tor Braham, Eric Brandt, Catherine Friedman, Thomas McInerney and Jeffey Smith, with Brandt serving as chairman.At closing, Mayer will leave along with co-founder David Filo, Eddy Hartenstein, Richard Hill, Jane Shaw and Maynard Webb (who will become chairman emeritus). Mon, Jan. 9, 6:24 PM | 71 Comments
Analysts: Despite exec's comments, Verizon/Yahoo likely still on
Despite some widely debated comments from Verizon's (VZ -1.5%) Marni Walden, who said at a Citi conference this week that the company was "unsure" about closing a $4.8B deal for Yahoo (YHOO -0.3%), analysts are still largely expecting the deal to go through."For all of Yahoo's flaws, you're not going to find a property that has a billion users that you are going to pick up for [less than] $5B," says A.T. Kearney's Greg Portell, pointing to ad tech's key to the play. "The deal's economics were good at the start of this. So, if Verizon is able to knock off a billion dollars and get protection against user data exposure, it's better for them.""There are not a lot of media properties on the planet that have a billion user accounts and leading categories," says CFRA's Scott Kessler, who notes the massive data breach actually proved Yahoo's massive scale.Verizon could be hard pressed to prove that Yahoo's worth declined due to breaches that occurred a few years ago. Fri, Jan. 6, 4:33 PM | 14 Comments
Verizon exec: Company 'unsure' about Yahoo deal
Verizon (VZ +0.1%) executive Marni Walden didn't move much from a previous stance on her company's deal to acquire the core Internet business of Yahoo (YHOO +2.9%), characterizing Verizon as "unsure" about the deal.Speaking at Citi's Internet, Media and Telecommunications Conference, Walden said "I can't sit here today and say with confidence one way or another because we still don't know."That puts some outsize importance on the revelations of two massive data breaches at Yahoo, since she says the merits of the deal still make sense (a stance she had taken at a WSJ conference in October). On Oct. 26, she said "We're hoping that in the next 60 days or less that we can have an outcome." Thu, Jan. 5, 1:38 PM | 21 Comments
WisdomTree Equity Income ETF (DHS) December Summary
December monthly performance was: +2.71%AUM of $1.29B52-week performance vs. the S&P 500 is: +3%$0.25 in dividends were paid in DecemberTop 10 Holdings as of 11/30/2016: Exxon Mobil Corp (XOM): 5.21072%, AT&T Inc (T): 5.16758%, Chevron Corp (CVX): 4.08907%, Verizon Communications Inc (VZ): 4.0269%, General Electric Co (GE): 3.47175%, Procter & Gamble Co (PG): 3.00826%, Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT): 2.9326%, Pfizer Inc (PFE): 2.72637%, Philip Morris International Inc (PM): 2.54288%, International Business Machines Corp (IBM): 2.39209%
Wed, Jan. 4, 1:09 PM
FlexShares STOXX US ESG Impact Index ETF (ESG) December Summary
December monthly performance was: +2.29%AUM of $5.29M52-week performance vs. the S&P 500 is: -7%$0.32 in dividends were paid in DecemberTop 10 Holdings as of 11/30/2016: Apple Inc (AAPL): 6.41774%, Microsoft Corp (MSFT): 5.02091%, Exxon Mobil Corp (XOM): 3.79949%, General Electric Co (GE): 2.95312%, Wells Fargo & Co (WFC): 2.57416%, AT&T Inc (T): 2.47394%, Bank of America Corporation (BAC): 2.31355%, Procter & Gamble Co (PG): 2.28382%, Verizon Communications Inc (VZ): 2.10788%, Amazon.com Inc (AMZN): 2.06714%
Wed, Jan. 4, 5:46 AM
Considering M&A prospects, Citigroup upgrades Verizon to Buy
Verizon (VZ +2.3%) has a number of M&A prospects ahead that might prove as catalysts to improve its position, Citigroup writes in an upgrade to Buy.The market may be getting cautious on the telecom's upside potential, but a prospective lighter regulatory touch from the incoming government could set up a number of scenarios in which Verizon could benefit, says analyst Michael Rollins.Aside from its plans to acquire the core of Yahoo (YHOO +0.6%) early this year, Verizon could target Dish Network (DISH +3%), Rollins says. But strategic ties could be built between Verizon and Comcast (NASDAQ:CMCSA) as well as with Charter Communications (CHTR -0.8%), Reinhardt Krause notes."Verizon is pursuing growth in three categories (Internet of Things, digital media, and 5G) that are somewhat small today, but can eventually contribute to revenue growth and value," Rollins writes. "We don't believe Verizon is getting credit for the investments to date and see a bull case emerging for 5G."Rollins has a price target of $60, implying 10% upside. Tue, Jan. 3, 5:08 PM | 20 Comments
Here are Barron's top ideas for income investors in 2017
Barron's ranks the best and worst places for income-focused investors in a rising-rate world. In order of appeal:Depressed European stocks: "Valuations have gotten more reasonable and dividend yields are ample, especially relative to ultralow or even negative yields on European government bonds."U.S. electric utilities: "Their average yield of 3.6% is almost double that of the S&P 500. Utility dividends usually are secure, given regulated returns."U.S. dividend stocks: "Even after rallying in 2016, high dividend-paying stocks still look appealing."Junk bonds: "Junk yields still look good at an average of 6.3%. The interest-rate gap relative to Treasuries is still appealing at nearly 4.5%, but absolute yields are modest by historical standards."Munis: looking better after a disappointing 2016.REITs: "REITs now are on the inexpensive side of a fair-value range."Preferreds: "REITs now are on the inexpensive side of a fair-value range."Treasurys: "If Trump’s fiscal and economic policies prove inflationary, Treasuries are apt to suffer."Telecom: There may be better value in other high-yielding parts of the market.MLPs. Expects muted distribution growth.Stocks and ETFs mentioned: FDD, VGK, VOD, RDS.A, UTG, DUK, SRE, XLU, NOBL, VYM, KO, BUD, PFE, OSTIX, HYT, VTA, JNK, NAD, BTT, VWIUX,PHMIX, SPG, BXP, EQR, VNQ, BAC, PFF, JPI, TIP, TLT, T, VZ, EPD, AMLP, BWPSee also Barron's infographic: Yield plays for 2017   Sun, Jan. 1, 5:26 AM | 140 Comments
Alibaba levels off as on-demand unit nears $1.2B in funding
Alibaba (BABA +0.3%) shares are sitting a bit above the flat line today following word that it's close to gaining $1.2B in funding from an investor group for its on-demand services unit.The unit, Koubei, deals in local service including food delivery. The group of first-time investors reportedly includes Silver Lake Management along with China Investment Corp.The retailing giant also says it's taking steps including setting an advisory board to address intellectual property enforcement, following the return of its Taobao marketplace to the U.S. Trade Representative's "notorious markets" list after four years off.Alibaba's 20% three-month decline has also hit Yahoo (YHOO +0.4%), which holds a 15% stake, Reinhardt Krause notes. Yahoo has declined almost 10% over the same period, and is back near its level when Verizon (VZ -0.2%) announced a $4.83B acquisition deal. Dec. 23, 2016, 1:19 PM | 13 Comments
EU gives Verizon go-ahead on Yahoo buyout
With a day left to spare, the European Union has given its blessing to Verizon's (VZ +0.3%) $4.8B deal to acquire the core business of Yahoo (YHOO +0.2%).The deal "would not raise any competition concerns given the companies' moderate market positions, the limited increments brought by the proposed transaction and the presence of a number of strong players providing such services," said a panel on mergers and takeovers.Verizon already owns one of Yahoo's historical rivals in AOL, but the panel believes a large amount of user data will still be available to the market after the deal.Now the question remains whether Verizon's still on board, after news of a second massive security breach that Yahoo believes touched a billion-with-a-B user accounts. Dec. 21, 2016, 12:30 PM | 20 Comments
Verizon switches up, will allow Note 7-killing software update
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) has reversed an earlier decision and will allow an update that disables Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 phones.Most Note 7s have been exchanged or refunded, but Samsung -- concerned about safety hazards after wide reports of battery fires -- said it would begin distributing an update to kill the phones.The other carriers in the Big Four (T, S, TMUS) agreed to send the update, and Verizon initially held out citing not wanting to leave its customers hanging without emergency communication -- but has now acceded, and will distribute the kill switch on Jan. 5. Dec. 15, 2016, 7:05 PM | 22 Comments
Yahoo -4.9% on reports Verizon considers scrapping deal
Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO) has dropped in recent minutes, now down 4.9%, on word that Verizon (NYSE:VZ) is now considering scrapping its $4.83B deal for the Internet pioneer.Yahoo yesterday disclosed a security breach that it believes compromised information on more than a billion user accounts. That breach is thought to be separate from a previously disclosed incursion affecting half a billion accounts, and reports that Yahoo scanned thousands of customers' e-mails on behalf of government intelligence services.Verizon may yet seek a price cut; after fall reports of the first reported hack, parties at Verizon indicated the deal still made sense. Dec. 15, 2016, 11:07 AM | 71 Comments
FCC Chairman Wheeler to leave agency Jan. 20
FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler has announced that he will leave the agency on Jan. 20, concurrent with the incoming Trump administration.“Serving as F.C.C. Chairman during this period of historic technological change has been the greatest honor of my professional life," he says in a statement."It has been a privilege to work with my fellow Commissioners to help protect consumers, strengthen public safety and cybersecurity, and ensure fast, fair and open networks for all Americans.”Wheeler's departure likely paves the way for Republican leadership of the agency, and may be welcomed by companies opposed to reforms he was pushing: in set-top boxes for pay TV, and in business data services.Key BDS players: T, VZ, CTL, FTR, BT.Pay TV/set-top players: CMCSA, CHTR, CVC/OTCPK:OTCPK:ATCEY, T, DISH, VZ, FTR, CTL Dec. 15, 2016, 9:14 AM | 37 Comments
Bloomberg: Latest Yahoo hack touches 150,000 government employees
Information stolen in the most recently revealed breach of user data at Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO) includes information on more than 150,000 government employees, Bloomberg reports.That presents a national security threat if foreign intelligence can identify personnel and get access to their personal and work accounts. An alphabetized "hit list" for hacking could make foreign spies' jobs easier.Included in the list of compromised accounts are staff (current and former) at the White House, congressmen and their aides, the FBI, the NSA, the CIA, and every branch of the military, Bloomberg says.Earlier, Verizon (NYSE:VZ) -- set to buy Yahoo's Internet business for $4.8B -- said it was evaluating the latest information and didn't comment further.Yahoo finished the postmarket trading session down 2.3%; VZ was up 0.1%.Previously: Verizon: Will 'evaluate' breach at acquisition target Yahoo (Dec. 14 2016) Dec. 14, 2016, 11:29 PM | 33 Comments
Verizon analyst day: Focus on digital ads, not buying media firms
With acquisition speculation in the media sector turning its eyes to Verizon (VZ -1.4%) -- and rumors that it might follow an AT&T/Time Warner deal by making a play for CBS (CBS +0.9%) -- analysts recapping Verizon's analyst day talks are painting a picture of a company likely to stay its own course."We do not sense buying a media-content company is in any way part of its plan," says Wells Fargo's Jennifer Fritzsche, suggesting that despite some investors' wishful thinking, the company won't play for CBS or for Dish Network (DISH +2%).Rather than pursue content partnerships, Verizon will keep building digital ads to counter Alphabet and Facebook. AOL's making progress, it says, with revenue up 10%, and "the company was taking a patient approach with recent investments, including Go90 (a mobile video service), Fleetmatics, and smart city initiatives," writes Jefferies' Mike McCormack. Dec. 14, 2016, 6:37 PM | 8 Comments
Verizon: Will 'evaluate' breach at acquisition target Yahoo
Responding to news of a second, even more massive data breach of user accounts at Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO), Verizon (NYSE:VZ) -- which has a $4.83B deal to acquire the Internet pioneer's business -- says it's watching the situation."As we've said all along, we will evaluate the situation as Yahoo continues its investigation," Verizon says in a statement that CNBC reported. "We will review the impact of this new development before reaching any final conclusions."After a breach revealed in September that involved a believed 500M user accounts at Yahoo, Verizon's general counsel said there's "reasonable basis" to think the breach was material to its deal and said the burden was on Yahoo to prove otherwise.But as lawyers discussed the news at that time, Verizon's Marni Walden said the deal "still makes sense."After hours now: YHOO -2.6%; VZ +0.1%. Dec. 14, 2016, 5:44 PM | 36 Comments
Yahoo -2.1% as it discloses new hack of a billion-plus accounts
Yahoo (YHOO -1.4%) is disclosing a security breach -- "likely distinct" from the one it disclosed in September -- that may affect more than a billion user accounts.The company got information from law enforcement last month about files that a third party said was Yahoo data, and Yahoo now believes it's legitimate. "Based on further analysis of this data by the forensic experts, Yahoo believes an unauthorized third party, in August 2013, stole data associated with more than one billion user accounts.""The company has not been able to identify the intrusion associated with this theft," a Yahoo statement continues. "Yahoo believes this incident is likely distinct from the incident the company disclosed on Sept. 22, 2016."The information may include names, e-mail addresses, phone numbers, dates of birth, hashed passwords and even some security questions and answers (encrypted or unencrypted).After hours: YHOO -2.1%; Buyer-in-waiting Verizon (VZ -1.4%) flat.Previously: Verizon exec: Yahoo deal 'still makes sense' despite security breach (Oct. 26 2016)Previously: Verizon counsel: Burden's on Yahoo to prove hack is immaterial (Oct. 13 2016) Dec. 14, 2016, 4:59 PM | 44 Comments
With demand hot, Equinix doubles leveraged loan for data center acquisition
To fund its acquisition of data centers from Verizon (VZ -1.4%), Equinix (EQIX -1.9%) has doubled the size of a leveraged loan it's raising, after heavy demand.The company's doubling the amount to €1B from a previous €500M term loan, and tightening pricing -- a move that will allow Equinix to pursue the $3.6B deal with less equity and bonds.The loan will be offered at par, with an interest margin of 325 basis points over Euribor with a 0% floor.Equinix is also looking to reprice an existing $248M term loan and a sterling-denominated loan of about $388M equivalent. Dec. 14, 2016, 4:15 PM | 6 Comments
Viacom officially ends exploration of CBS purchase
Alongside that announcement, the Viacom (VIA -7.9%), (VIAB -9.6%) board has made permanent, acting President and CEO Bob Bakish's position.As for a Verizon (VZ +0.7%)/CBS (CBS -0.8%) tie-up, Jefferies' John Janedis isn't feeling it, noting any CBS M&A deals are going to be about TV-centric/content-related assets, rather than cable networks and film.Previously: CBS returns to green as Verizon purchase rumors get wider play (Dec. 12)Previously: National Amusements push CBS and Viacom to standalone track (Dec. 12)
Dec. 12, 2016, 3:47 PM | 4 Comments
CBS returns to green as Verizon purchase rumors get wider play
CBS, trading in the red all morning, made its move into positive ground after CNBC broadcast a piece of a rumor (though skeptically) that showed up in the New York Post this morning: That Verizon (VZ +1%) was "poking around" CBS for a possible purchase.CBS was down as much as 5.2% before jumping to a 2.7% gain this hour. Shares are falling back to a 0.7% gain.CBS and Viacom (VIA -6.2%, VIAB -7.7%) traded down this morning on news that the Redstones were scuttling plans to merge the two companies.While Verizon-CBS rumors look shaky, a possible peg for Verizon's interest would be AT&T's pending $85B deal to acquire Time Warner. Dec. 12, 2016, 1:05 PM | 14 Comments
TCI founder: Big buybacks, possible Verizon bid in Charter future
Investors in Charter Communications (CHTR -1.5%) can expect big share buybacks, says the founder of hedge fund TCI -- and maybe even a Big Four telecom takeover bid.Speaking at the Sohn Conference in London, TCI founder Chris Hohn (who owns 5% of Charter) said Verizon (VZ -0.4%) could be interested in a takeover bid "over time.""Margins are going to be much higher than consensus assumes," he says, which would feed profits and then extensive buybacks of up to 35% of outstanding shares. Dec. 8, 2016, 2:27 PM | 7 Comments
Verizon sells data center business to Equinix
As has been rumored for a couple of months, Verizon (NYSE:VZ) has sold its data center business to Equinix (NASDAQ:EQIX), according to Bloomberg.No details are yet known, but the deal value has previously been estimated at $3.5B.Update at 8:05 ET: The deal is for a portfolio of 24 data center sites across 15 metro areas, and the price is $3.6B. It's expected to close by mid-2017.A conference call is set for 8:30 ET.
Dec. 6, 2016, 7:51 AM | 1 Comment
FCC issues concern over AT&T and Verizon zero-rating own services
Agency raises dispute over AT&T's (T -0.9%) plans to exclude the company's just-announced DirecTV Now service from data expenses paid by carrier customers, addressing similar notice on related practices to Verizon (VZ -0.3%). Deterrence of competition from external services including Netflix, Hulu and other streaming providers, along with negative impact on consumers are argued.Both AT&T and Verizon have responded to the matter, citing compliance with in-place rules and benefits to consumers through cost savings.The development marks a reiteration of concerns over such policies previously brought to light.
Dec. 2, 2016, 2:02 PM | 28 Comments
Verizon declares $0.5775 dividend
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) declares $0.5775/share quarterly dividend, in line with previous.Forward yield 4.65%Payable Feb. 1; for shareholders of record Jan. 10; ex-div Jan. 6.
Dec. 1, 2016, 1:26 PM | 10 Comments
WisdomTree Equity Income ETF (DHS) November Summary
November monthly performance was: +2.44%AUM of $1.26B52-week performance vs. the S&P 500 is: +6%$0.18 in dividends were paid in NovemberTop 10 Holdings as of 10/31/2016: Exxon Mobil Corp (XOM): 5.06236%, AT&T Inc (T): 5.00966%, Verizon Communications Inc (VZ): 3.95123%, Chevron Corp (CVX): 3.90836%, General Electric Co (GE): 3.34327%, Procter & Gamble Co (PG): 3.22338%, Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT): 2.96781%, Philip Morris International Inc (PM): 2.82773%, Pfizer Inc (PFE): 2.73807%, Merck & Co Inc (MRK): 2.31749%
Dec. 1, 2016, 11:46 AM
Broadband bandwidth battle rages on
A massive network of high-speed fiber optic internet is coming to 20 states over the next five years, according to an announcement from Altice (OTCPK:ATCEY), the cable company behind Optimum, Lightpath and Suddenlink.Altice's planned 10-gigabit per second connection far outpaces Google Fiber's (GOOG, GOOGL) current 1-gigabit per second connection, as well as Verizon Fios (NYSE:VZ).It also comes as Google scales back its own expansion plans for ultra-fast internet cables.
Dec. 1, 2016, 3:00 AM | 9 Comments
FCC finally approves Verizon's $1.8B XO Communications deal
After a lengthy delay, the FCC has signed off on Verizon's (NYSE:VZ) $1.8B acquisition of the fiber-optic business of Carl Icahn's XO Communications.The agency had put a "pause" on its review in July as it sought more information, but has faced a busy year with a multi-month spectrum auction as well as pending reviews of deals between AT&T and Time Warner, and CenturyLink and Level 3 Communications.The deal was to include XO's fiber-based IP and Ethernet networks.It still requires OKs from some state regulators. Nov. 17, 2016, 5:16 PM | 9 Comments
AOL laying off 500 with focus now on mobile, video, data
AOL (NYSE:VZ) will lay off 500 employees (about 5% of its workforce) as part of a restructuring.The cuts will weigh on corporate units, according to CEO Tim Armstrong, while the company realigns toward mobile, video and data offerings.That comes after AOL absorbed about 1,500 workers this year from an ad deal with Microsoft and its acquisition of Millennial Media -- and ahead of a planned Verizon purchase of Yahoo's Internet business. A Yahoo integration would kick off another round of plans.AOL will be focused in two global business units: Media (which will hold content properties including the Huffington Post and TechCrunch), and Platforms (holding the ad tech operations). Nov. 17, 2016, 10:15 AM | 7 Comments
FCC drops plans for business data services reform
Perhaps seeing writing on the wall at the FCC, Chairman Tom Wheeler has dropped a planned reform of the the U.S. business data services market, a $45B industry occupied by key telecom infrastructure players.Following pressure from Republicans on Congress' oversight panels, Wheeler pulled a vote on the BDS reform from tomorrow's agenda. Any measures approved in the next couple of months would face reversal if president-elect Donald Trump restocks the FCC as a Republican-majority panel.Wheeler had already scaled back original plans for reforming BDS, a market that covers special access lines that run much of modern society (including ATMs and credit card readers among other financial networks, and hospital/school networks, as well as mobile backhaul).Key BDS players are moving into the close: T +1.1%, VZ +1.2%, CTL -0.7%, FTR +3.8%, BT -0.7%.Previously: With White House changing, set-top box reform may be on life support (Nov. 16 2016)Previously: Frontier Communications issues statement on FCC fact sheet; FTR, CTL jump (Oct. 07 2016)
Nov. 16, 2016, 3:56 PM | 17 Comments
With White House changing, set-top box reform may be on life support
With Donald Trump set to take over the White House, FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler's plan to reform the pay TV set-top box market is "95% dead," according to one analyst.Wheeler's proposal to kill off the boxes met with opposition from the industry even after it was modified to be much closer to pay TV providers' app-focused approach. The FCC said the market for the boxes sat at $20B a year and that the cost of renting them had gone up 185% since 1994, while other consumer electronics dropped 90% in price over that period."I would say it's 95 percent dead," said Bloomberg Intelligence's Matthew Schettenhelm. "It's a very long road to get this done.”House Republicans have asked Wheeler to focus on the ongoing broadcast incentive spectrum auction, and not to move forward with “complex and controversial items that the new Congress and Administration will have an interest in reviewing."That includes an open item on Business Data Services as well, not to mention lengthy reviews ahead for AT&T/Time Warner and Level 3/CenturyLink deals.Public Knowledge's Chris Lewis says it's too early to hold a funeral: "We don't know what Trump thinks about set-top boxes."Pay TV players: CMCSA, CHTR, CVC/OTCPK:OTCPK:ATCEY, T, DISH, VZ, FTR, CTLPreviously: FCC pulls set-top box vote from today's meeting agenda (Sep. 29 2016) Nov. 16, 2016, 3:31 PM | 34 Comments
Verizon acquires info-kiosk firm LQD WiFi
Verizon (VZ -1.1%) today acquired substantially all the assets of privately held LQD WiFi, the latest in a string of bolt-on acquisitions it's sought alongside its pursuit of Yahoo.Financial terms weren't disclosed. The goal of the acquisition is enhancing "citizen engagement experiences" using LQD's Palo technology hubs in urban spaces -- kiosks that provide information including community news/info, wayfinding, public safety announcements, transit updates and upcoming events, along with free public Wi-Fi.LQD and Verizon are designing solutions for municipalities, private developers, academic institutions and entertainment venues, the companies say. Nov. 14, 2016, 6:15 PM | 4 Comments
Yahoo admits some staff knew of massive hack
Some Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO) employees were aware that a state-sponsored hacker had breached its network shortly after a massive hack in 2014, casting a larger shadow over Verizon's (NYSE:VZ) $4.8B deal to acquire the company.Yahoo said in September that an investigation in August had uncovered the theft of personal information associated with at least a half billion accounts, the largest data breach in history.SEC Form 10-Q
Nov. 10, 2016, 1:23 AM | 30 Comments
Sprint +12.5% to two-year highs, TMUS +3.8%; pondering a Trump FCC
While Time Warner is trading lower as investors digest a slimmer chance of a buyout by AT&T under a Trump administration, Sprint (NYSE:S) -- a company long thought to again become a merger prospect after a change in the White House -- is up 12.5% and hitting two-year highs today.Its oft-discussed merger matchup partner, T-Mobile (NASDAQ:TMUS) is up 3.8%.Meanwhile, changes are likely coming to the FCC, Wells Fargo argues: It will at least be more conservative, if not working under new leadership soon; expecting Chairman Tom Wheeler to stay a full term is "no longer realistic.""If the rhetoric of those surrounding Trump’s campaign rings true, we can expect a Republican FCC to make a big push to roll back some of the regulations put in place under President Obama such as the Title II/Net Neutrality rules," writes analyst Jennifer Fritzsche. "There may also be a push to roll back some or all of what the FCC just did on privacy.""It’s unclear whether Chairman Wheeler will be able to act on the open items related to Business Data Services or set top box reform before he departs and if he does not, some suggest a Republican FCC will reverse course on these two items. There is also a big question on how a Trump FCC will view transactions including the recently announced T/TWX merger and the LVLT/CTL transaction."LVLT +0.4%; CTL +0.5%. TWX -1%. Names tied to net neutrality: T, VZ, CMCSA, CHTR, OTCPK:ATCEY, CTL, FTR, CCOI, DISH. Nov. 9, 2016, 11:34 AM | 219 Comments
Verizon closes on $2.4B Fleetmatics acquisition
Verizon (VZ -0.1%) has closed on its $2.4B acquisition of Fleetmatics (NYSE:FLTX), and has incorporated it into its Verizon Telematics business.The telecom had announced the $60/share acquisition on Aug. 1, at what analysts saw as a "healthy multiple."Fleetmatics won't be traded on the NYSE any further. It brings 42,000 customers and about 826,000 subscribers to Verizon."With the close of this transaction, Verizon Telematics is squarely positioned as the global leader in fleet and mobile resource management, leveraging the combined strength of three world-class platforms, now serving every segment of the market," says Verizon Telematics chief Andrés Irlando. Nov. 7, 2016, 10:30 AM | 8 Comments
Verizon redeeming $2B in debt securities
Verizon (VZ +0.6%) said today it's redeeming $2B in notes on Dec. 5.The company's redeeming all of its outstanding 1.35% notes due 2017. Redemption price will be the sum of remaining present-value payments, discounted to the redemption date on a semiannual basis, at the Treasury Rate plus a make-whole premium of 10 basis points, along with accrued and unpaid interest. Nov. 4, 2016, 2:14 PM | 11 Comments
WisdomTree Equity Income ETF (DHS) October Summary
October monthly performance was: -2.87%AUM of $1.24B52-week performance vs. the S&P 500 is: +5%$0.18 in dividends were paid in OctoberTop 10 Holdings as of 9/30/2016: AT&T Inc (T): 5.35027%, Exxon Mobil Corp (XOM): 5.13076%, Verizon Communications Inc (VZ): 4.13129%, Chevron Corp (CVX): 3.71538%, General Electric Co (GE): 3.29251%, Procter & Gamble Co (PG): 3.2247%, Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT): 2.95756%, Pfizer Inc (PFE): 2.82962%, Philip Morris International Inc (PM): 2.75804%, Kinder Morgan Inc P (KMI): 2.44856%
Nov. 3, 2016, 10:37 AM
FlexShares STOXX US ESG Impact Index ETF (ESG) October Summary
October monthly performance was: -0.83%AUM of $4.96M52-week performance vs. the S&P 500 is: 0%No dividends were paid in OctoberTop 10 Holdings as of 9/30/2016: Apple Inc (AAPL): 6.67009%, Microsoft Corp (MSFT): 4.87637%, Exxon Mobil Corp (XOM): 3.94908%, General Electric Co (GE): 2.95355%, AT&T Inc (T): 2.72255%, Procter & Gamble Co (PG): 2.62116%, Amazon.com Inc (AMZN): 2.34306%, Verizon Communications Inc (VZ): 2.29657%, Wells Fargo & Co (WFC): 2.18848%, Facebook Inc A (FB): 2.12836%
Nov. 3, 2016, 7:52 AM
Yahoo gets rebuke from Europe over breach, mail-scanning reports
Along with a warning to WhatsApp (earlier), European data-protection authorities have cautioned Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO) over its huge 2014 data breach as well as reports of government access to Yahoo accounts.The Article 29 Working Party (a coalition of 28 EU privacy watchdogs) has asked Yahoo to communicate all aspects of the breach to EU authorities, to notify users of "adverse effects" and cooperate with all upcoming investigations -- and it appears there will be investigations. More discussion will come from the regulators next month."The reports (about email scanning) are concerning to WP29 and it will be important to understand the legal basis and justification for any such surveillance activity, including an explanation of how this is compatible with EU law and protection for EU citizens," WP29 wrote to Yahoo. Oct. 28, 2016, 1:07 PM | 17 Comments
FCC adopts tougher rules on broadband customer privacy
The FCC split on party lines again today in adopting tough new privacy regulations on broadband Internet providers, rules that require an opt-in before sharing most customer data.That could present a problem growing advertising for big providers including Comcast (NASDAQ:CMCSA), Charter (NASDAQ:CHTR), AT&T (NYSE:T) and Verizon (NYSE:VZ).The vote passed 3-2 with strong dissents from the panel's two Republican commissioners. More public information (names, addresses) will be treated leniently, but providers will need to ask permission before sharing more sensitive data (like phone-tracked location, or sites visited and apps used).The new rules, while scaled back, have drawn heavy criticism from cable/telecom and advertising sectors, with companies that fret that the move will restructure the Internet's free-content approach.Other players: OTCPK:ATCEY, FTR, CTL, WIN, S, TMUS, CCOI Oct. 27, 2016, 2:02 PM | 11 Comments
Verizon seals deal for Jason Kilar video firm Vessel
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) -- in talks last month to acquire video firm Vessel -- has sealed the deal.Terms weren't disclosed. The subscription video start-up was co-founded by former Hulu chief Jason Kilar.He'll stay through a transition period to the end of 2016, but isn't expected to stay with the company long-term; co-founder Richard Tom will stick around to run the operation.Verizon's acquiring the technology and software, so Vessel proper will be shut down Oct. 31 and refunds will be issued -- and no doubt Vessel tech will be applied to Verizon's Go90 mobile video service. Oct. 26, 2016, 6:31 PM | 11 Comments
Verizon exec: Yahoo deal 'still makes sense' despite security breach
Verizon's (VZ -0.4%) $4.83B deal to acquire the core of Yahoo (YHOO -1.3%) still makes sense even in light of Yahoo's massive security breach, says Verizon exec Marni Walden.That doesn't mean Verizon doesn't still need more information about the intrusion, says Walden, the president of Product and New Business Innovation, speaking at a WSJ conference."The reason we wanted to get this asset is we wanted to increase the audience scale that we had at AOL," she says. "So it very much makes sense, but what we have to be careful about is what we don't know ... we're working closely with that team to try and better understand. And so I've got an obligation to make sure that we protect our shareholders and our investors ... so we're not gonna jump off a cliff blindly.""We're hoping that in the next 60 days or less that we can have an outcome," she adds, "but right now they're conducting the investigation and will be providing us information."Can she think of a scenario that would make Verizon walk away? "Why don't we move on to your next question?"Previously: Reuters: Yahoo mail-scanning government order unlikely to be publicized (Oct. 25 2016)Previously: Verizon call: Lawyers are talking over materiality of Yahoo breach (Oct. 20 2016)Verizon/Yahoo coverage Oct. 26, 2016, 2:00 PM | 11 Comments
Analysts reconsider Verizon pressures after Q3 report
Some shine is coming off Verizon (VZ -1.9%) for analysts, in the wake of a disappointing Q3 report, and new threats from trailing players as it works to digest Yahoo's Internet business.Baird's William Power says yields are "more likely to rise than not, which creates a headwind," and reiterates the firm's Neutral stance while cutting price target to $52, implying just 7.9% upside.Citigroup's Michael Rollins (Neutral) thinks the subscriber-adds disappointment is an omen for slower revenue growth in 2017, and says it's facing a moment of truth: "The reality of postpaid phone losses puts Verizon to a decision point, one that AT&T has faced for more than two years: fight for customer retention and growth or improve profitability for higher-value customers." Cost-cutting is a focal point, he argues.FBR's David Dixon stays bullish -- he's maintaining an Outperform rating and $57 price target -- but "competitive network quality is converging" and Verizon needs to be able to fend off market-share competitors."VZ still leads the market but may need to use the pricing lever to a greater extent to maintain market share, as all other national competitors are offering unlimited data plans at attractive price points," he writes. "Strategically, VZ will seek to differentiate through accelerated 5G deployment, relying on 3.5 GHz unlicensed spectrum as its indoor play and spectrum refarming, which should yield cost savings and expedite launch due to a growing ecosystem around 3.5 GHz." Oct. 21, 2016, 4:29 PM | 4 Comments
Verizon call: Lawyers are talking over materiality of Yahoo breach
On Verizon's (NYSE:VZ) Q3 earnings conference call, retiring CFO Fran Shammo recapitulated a company line on the data breach at Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO), saying he did expect the intrusion could have a "material impact" on a $4.83B takeover deal."This was an extremely large breach that has received a lot of attention from a lot of people," he says, noting the lawyers had their first call yesterday "but that's going to be a long process."Yahoo itself had canceled a call tied to its earnings released Tuesday, citing the deal.Upgrade activity was affected by both short supplies of iPhone 7 as well as the recall of Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 devices, Shammo and incoming CFO Matt Ellis said. Meanwhile, when it comes to pricing, "unlimited is still not something we're going to move to."The company is negotiating with one party on a sale of its data centers, Shammo says.User engagement measured as viewing time on its video service Go90 is up, now past 30 minutes per user each day, with less than 20% of the traffic served on Verizon's network.Shares are off 1.8% premarket with the call still ongoing. YHOO -0.2% premarket.Earnings call slidesPreviously: Verizon turns lower as postpaid subscribers disappoint (Oct. 20 2016)Previously: Verizon beats by $0.02, misses on revenue (Oct. 20 2016) Oct. 20, 2016, 9:24 AM | 11 Comments
Verizon turns lower as postpaid subscribers disappoint
The Q3 bottom line topped consensus by two cents, but revenue fell 6.7% as the company added just a net 442K postpaid subscribers vs. the 766K expected.BTIG's Walt Piecyk notes this is the first time the postpaid phone base has declined in Q3. There was also postpaid churn, which rose to 1.04% of total wireless subscribers vs. expectations for 0.99%. It's the first time above 1% in the last six quarters, says Piecyk.VZ -2.6% in active premarket action.
Oct. 20, 2016, 8:03 AM | 12 Comments
Verizon beats by $0.02, misses on revenue
Verizon (NYSE:VZ): Q3 EPS of $1.01 beats by $0.02.Revenue of $30.94B (-6.7% Y/Y) misses by $140M.Shares +0.7% PM.Press Release
Oct. 20, 2016, 7:31 AM | 13 Comments
Notable earnings before Thursday’s open
AAL, ADS, ALK, BK, BKU, DAN, DGX, DHR, DNKN, DST, FAF, FITB, GATX, GNTX, GPI, HOMB, ICLR, IMAX, ITW, JAKK, KCG, LAD, MNI, MNRO, NUE, NWE, PHM, PLD, POOL, PPG, RS, SBNY, SNA, SON, STBA, STC, SXC, SXCP, SYNT, TRV, TXT, UNP, UTEK, VZ, WBA, WBC, WNS Oct. 19, 2016, 5:30 PM | 1 Comment
Yahoo +2.5% as analysts largely see Verizon deal going through
Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO) is up 2.5% today, just 4.8% below last month's 52-week high, after it posted profits that beat expectations in Q3 and analysts mostly looked past them to a pending buyout by Verizon (NYSE:VZ).Considering the lack of comment from Yahoo management, the results are likely to be overshadowed by Verizon's commentary when it delivers earnings tomorrow, analysts agree.Nomura raised its price target to $45, from $39, to reflect appreciation of the company's stake in Alibaba. Analyst Anthony Di Clemente believes Verizon would be hard pressed to show material adversity for the deal, based on similar past events, and the Yahoo results aren't likely to add any pressure there.An implied discount on Yahoo's Alibaba stake has increased since Verizon commented on Yahoo's breach, says SunTrust Robinson Humphrey's Bob Peck, who has a Hold rating and $42 price target. But the key question tied to the Verizon deal is whether Yahoo could even open up the process again to new bidders, he says.Morgan Stanley (Equal-Weight, $42 price target) and Oppenheimer (Outperform, $53) agree that any risk to the deal is overshadowed by the fact that Yahoo's basically a trading vehicle for the Alibaba stake, so BABA bullishness can outweigh any M&A concerns.Yahoo yesterday guided to Q4 revenue (ex-TAC) of $880M-$920M, below estimates for $938M, and to adjusted EBITDA of $260M-$300M (above a consensus for $245M). Oct. 19, 2016, 10:46 AM
Yahoo +1% in postmarket as Q3 profits beat expectations
Yahoo (YHOO -0.3%) is up 1% after hours in the aftermath of its Q3 earnings report, featuring profits that beat expectations and in-line revenuesGAAP revenue was $1.305B (up 6.5%). The previous change in revenue presentation tied to its Microsoft Search Agreement contributed $258M; excluding that, GAAP revenue would have been $1.048B (down 15% Y/Y)."Mavens" revenue (mobile, video, native and social) was $524M (up 24.2%); non-Mavens revenues were $726M (up 4.8%). Total traffic-driven revenue grew 12% to $1.25B, while non-traffic-driven revenue fell to $55M from $111M.Mobile revenue jumped 46.1% to $396M, while desktop revenue inched up to $854M from $844M.The company had said it wouldn't hold a call to discuss the earnings due to its pending buyout deal with Verizon (NYSE:VZ)."I am pleased with our Q3 results," says CEO Marissa Mayer. "This quarter, we launched several new products and showed solid financial performance across the board; both are a testimony to the tremendous teamwork, focus, and resilience of our employees," she added, noting the company is working hard to retain user trust after its data breach and ahead of the Verizon integration.Press Release Oct. 18, 2016, 4:19 PM | 22 Comments
Needham cuts Yahoo to Hold on Verizon deal concerns
Needham has cut Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO) to Hold with talk in the air of Verizon (VZ -0.4%) potentially walking away from its deal to buy the Internet business, or getting a lower deal price.But valuation also plays a part as the firm reduces its rating to Hold from Buy, as does Yahoo's cancellation of its Q3 earnings call, which "also troubles us." Yahoo's up 1.5% today to $42.40, above Needham's $40 price target.Last week, Verizon's general counsel was quoted as saying there was a "reasonable basis" to think that the massive 500M-account data breach at Yahoo would prove material to Verizon's $4.83B deal to acquire it.Yesterday, Credit Suisse set a price target of $52 on Yahoo shares (implying 23% upside), and MKM Partners boosted its price target to $51 from $44.Yahoo reports after the bell today, but won't hold a conference call because, it says, of the pending acquisition. Oct. 18, 2016, 10:34 AM | 19 Comments
Verizon counsel: Burden's on Yahoo to prove hack is immaterial
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) General Counsel Craig Stillman has raised alarm bells over the company's $4.83B deal to buy the Internet business at Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO) in saying that a "reasonable basis" exists to believe a massive user data breach at Yahoo is material to the takeover deal.Late last month, Yahoo confirmed a breach that happened two years ago that it believe affected 500M user accounts. And earlier this month a Reuters report said the company built a secret program to scan incoming user mail at the behest of the U.S. intelligence community.The breach could trigger a clause allowing for Verizon to get out of the deal, Stillman says."I think we have a reasonable basis to believe right now that the impact is material and we're looking to Yahoo to demonstrate to us the full impact," he said. "If they believe that it's not, then they'll need to show us that."Right now: VZ +0.04%; YHOO -1.5%. Oct. 13, 2016, 2:52 PM | 54 Comments
Reuters: Verizon GC says 'reasonable basis' to think Yahoo hack is material to deal
The general counsel at Verizon (NYSE:VZ) is now saying there's a "reasonable basis" to believe that a massive data breach at Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO) had a material impact on Verizon's $4.83B takeover agreement, Reuters reports.Yahoo shares are headed down, now -1.8%. VZ is flat on the day.The comment adds some fuel to speculation that Verizon could look to change up the existing deal, or even get out of it.A New York Post report last week suggested that Verizon would seek up to a $1B discount on the purchase price, with sources saying Verizon's Tim Armstrong was getting some "cold feet." Oct. 13, 2016, 2:34 PM | 12 Comments
Verizon closing call centers in five states, affecting 3,200 workers
Verizon (VZ -0.1%) is closing seven of its call centers in five states, including New York, its home state.The moves, to consolidate call centers, will affect about 3,200 workers overall. The company has 162,000 employees in the U.S.The workers are being offered jobs at other sites or severance packages if they decide not to relocate.About 850 jobs will be lost at two New York state locations, which got a spokesman for governor Andrew Cuomo to call it "an egregious example of corporate abuse" and "astounding" corporate negligence. "I'm not sure what abuses he's referring to," says Verizon spokeswoman Kim Ancin. "These are jobs that are staying within the U.S."Another 700 jobs are being cut in California, and another 300 relocated, while other cuts include 320 in Nebraska, 200 in Maine and 550 in Connecticut. Oct. 13, 2016, 12:20 PM | 38 Comments
Civil liberties group presses Verizon on Yahoo user protection
A civil liberties group with experience working civil rights and surveillance issues with Web companies has called on Verizon (VZ +0.7%) to improve user protection at its acquisition target, Yahoo (YHOO -1%).In the wake of reports that Yahoo allowed for scanning of incoming customer mail by government intelligence, international group Access Now is pressing Verizon to improve data protection at Yahoo, keep security staff informed of policy decisions and keep commitments to surveillance reform."Verizon has a long way to go to establish trust with millions of users who now know Yahoo as inattentive to their rights and security," Access Now says. "Implementing these measures will serve as first steps.""We have an ongoing and constructive engagement with Access Now and will review their recommendations and consider them carefully," Verizon said in a statement. Oct. 12, 2016, 1:28 PM | 10 Comments
Verizon CEO comments on Yahoo data breach
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) CEO Lowell McAdam is "not that shocked" about Yahoo's (NASDAQ:YHOO) massive data breach and said the company is 50%-60% done with its investigation.Will Verizon demand a price negotiation on their $4.8B deal? "That is just total speculation - we still see a real value to the asset there," he said. "But in fairness, we're still understanding what is going on, to define whether it's a material impact to the business or not."
Oct. 11, 2016, 3:38 AM | 7 Comments
Verizon may shift marketing away from troubled Samsung phone
Verizon (VZ +0.5%) may shift its holiday marketing away from Samsung's (OTC:SSNLF) problem-plagued Galaxy Note 7 phone, a spokeswoman says.That would follow a move by rival AT&T to consider stopping all sales and replacements of the devices, which have been the source of numerous reports of fires. Verizon may await a government look into the devices before deciding for sure, though it has suspended sales for now.A change-up is no small matter heading into the critical selling season."We have the new iPhone, we’re about to launch the new Google Pixel, which is exclusive to us," says spokeswoman Kelly Crummey. "We’ve got great phones from Motorola as well ... I think you’ll see our marketing focused on those devices because there is certainty on those at this time.” Oct. 10, 2016, 5:38 PM | 6 Comments
Verizon cuts jobs in retail stores
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) has cut jobs in its retail locations as tough competition continues to roil the big four wireless carriers.Thursday layoffs in the carrier's stores were estimated by a CWA union representative at hundreds or even thousands of jobs, though Verizon spokeswoman Kim Ancin says thousands is "an exaggeration." The company has 162,000 employees overall in the U.S.The cuts come as Verizon combines two retail roles: inventory stockers and customer-service specialists to deal with subscriber questions. Oct. 7, 2016, 7:16 PM | 33 Comments
FCC unveiling revised regulations for business data services
It's a time of scaling back proposals at the FCC.First, Chairman Tom Wheeler ratcheted back an assertive plan to "ditch the box," offering a new plan to regulate pay TV set-top boxes more in line with industry wishes. Now he's unveiling a scaled-back proposal to reform regulation of business data services.That's a $40B annual market for key players including AT&T (T -0.5%), Verizon (VZ -0.2%) and CenturyLink (CTL +1.3%). Similar to his set-top box proposal, Wheeler's original plan for business data services was more aggressive in April.The market covers special access lines that run much of modern society, or the parts that rely on heavy data -- including banks' connections to ATMs and credit card readers, or hospitals and schools' networks for moving data. Oct. 7, 2016, 1:48 PM | 1 Comment
Many reasons competing to explain surprising football ratings drop
With pro football well under way, the seemingly ratings-proof NFL is seeing a decline in TV viewership that is showing a ripple effect for networks and advertisers.Network viewership is down about 10% Y/Y, catching advertisers and rights holders off guard and picking through possible reasons, including a high-interest presidential election and new viewing platforms, as well as some out-of-action football stars.ESPN (NYSE:DIS) is seeing the brunt of the decline, with ratings down 17% to an average 11.3M viewers. That includes a Monday Night Football broadcast up against the first Clinton-Trump debate; excluding that, pro football at ESPN is down 11%. Meanwhile, NBC's Sunday night games (NASDAQ:CMCSA) are down 13% to 22M viewers, and CBS (NYSE:CBS) is down 15% on Thursdays.Afternoon games (not up against debates) are faring better: CBS and Fox (FOX, FOXA) are both down 3% on Sunday afternoons.Aside from a number of reasons cited, though, new viewing vectors can't be denied. Verizon (NYSE:VZ) phones are also an outlet for football, and Twitter (NYSE:TWTR) began to see early growth for its Thursday broadcasts.Nielsen (NYSE:NLSN) expects its Total Audience Measurement service in full force by next football season, promising a more accurate reflection of viewing across multiple platforms.For its part, the NFL is seeking to ease concerns, saying a "confluence of events" is depressing ratings and football "continues to be far and away the most powerful programming on television and the best place for brands and advertisers.” Oct. 7, 2016, 11:34 AM | 276 Comments
New York Post: Verizon to seek $1B discount on $4.83B Yahoo deal
Following a server rack full of bad news for Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO), Verizon (NYSE:VZ) will be seeking a $1B discount on its $4.83B deal to acquire the company's core business, the New York Post reports.Yahoo recently revealed a 2014 data breach that affected 500M user accounts, and Reuters reported that the company built a secret program to allow government intelligence to scan all incoming e-mail.“In the last day we’ve heard that Tim [Armstrong, AOL chief who would run Yahoo for Verizon] is getting cold feet," an unnamed source told the Post. "He’s pretty upset about the lack of disclosure and he’s saying can we get out of this or can we reduce the price?”Armstrong reportedly flew to the West Coast in the past few days to talk about a reduction: “Tim was out there this week laying the law down and Marissa [Mayer] is trying to protect shareholders,” a source said.Former Yahoo chief Ross Levinsohn said yesterday that Verizon should be bucking for a reduction. "If I were them, just from a business standpoint, I'd probably reserve a bunch of money against the deal or go back to Yahoo and ask for a discount."After hours trading: YHOO -0.6%; VZ flat. Oct. 6, 2016, 7:05 PM | 85 Comments
Cowen: Verizon close to selling data centers to Equinix for $3.5B
Verizon (VZ -0.8%) is finally close to selling its data center business -- and Equinix (EQIX +0.1%) is likely the buyer, Cowen says."We believe a transaction involving Verizon's co-location assets is imminent and that Equinix is the most likely acquirer," writes analyst Colby Synesael. That deal would come around $3.5B, he says.Verizon moved on news last fall that it would seek to sell enterprise assets and likely undo its 2011 $1.4B purchase of Terremark, though CFO Fran Shammo tried to tamp down those reports as "speculative."After a sales process reportedly launched in February, by summer the price tag had been reported as up to $3B, a price that weeds out several strategic buyers and left observers speculating about private-equity purchasers."Based on our channel checks, we believe the portfolio includes 14 facilities which primarily include those Verizon inherited when it bought Terremark in 2011," Synesael says. "We estimate EQIX could pay 13 to 13.5 times EBITDA, or $3.5 billion, and believe such a transaction would be viewed as positive for Equinix and neutral to Verizon." Oct. 5, 2016, 7:20 PM | 10 Comments
Former Yahoo CEO: Verizon should seek discount after 'troubling' revelations
Yahoo's (YHOO +1.2%) former CEO, Ross Levinsohn, says it's not only likely that the company knew about both a massive data breach and the government monitoring its customers' mail -- but also that it told presumptive acquirer Verizon (VZ -0.8%) about neither of them.Yahoo craziness this year has risen to the level of "the Kardashian effect for Internet companies," Levinsohn says.Levinsohn acted as interim CEO prior to the hiring of Marissa Mayer as the company's permanent CEO in 2012.As for Verizon, which struck a $4.8B deal to acquire Yahoo's core business in July: "If I were them, just from a business standpoint, I'd probably reserve a bunch of money against the deal or go back to Yahoo and ask for a discount." Oct. 5, 2016, 4:44 PM | 43 Comments
Telecoms outage tied to technical error at Level 3
An outage that hit a number of telecoms yesterday was tied to a technical issue at Level 3 Communications (LVLT -0.3%).A configuration error caused downtime for several of its customers, the company acknowledged, but it didn't say which customers or for how long.Meanwhile, reports had circulated about outages hitting the big four wireless providers (T, VZ, TMUS, S) as well as Comcast (NASDAQ:CMCSA). Problems lasted an hour or more, though Level 3 said issues were resolved around 11:30 a.m. Oct. 5, 2016, 11:05 AM | 161 Comments
WisdomTree Equity Income ETF (DHS) September Summary
September monthly performance was: +0.2%AUM of $1.3B52-week performance vs. the S&P 500 is: +7%$0.21 in dividends were paid in SeptemberTop 10 Holdings as of 8/31/2016: AT&T Inc (T): 5.38068%, Exxon Mobil Corp (XOM): 5.11766%, Verizon Communications Inc (VZ): 4.15514%, Chevron Corp (CVX): 3.62745%, General Electric Co (GE): 3.46929%, Procter & Gamble Co (PG): 3.13406%, Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT): 2.92688%, Pfizer Inc (PFE): 2.90452%, Philip Morris International Inc (PM): 2.83223%, Merck & Co Inc (MRK): 2.39541%
Oct. 3, 2016, 10:47 AM
FCC pulls set-top box vote from today's meeting agenda
FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler's proposal for new rules governing pay TV set-top boxes -- set for a vote today, but facing opposition from the industry and even a swing-vote Democrat on the panel -- has been pulled from today's meeting (now getting under way), but will stay in circulation.Wheeler had changed a previous proposal and appeared to move closer to pay-TV industry wishes for an app-based approach, but still faced pushback from service providers and resistance from Commissioner Jessica Rosenworcel, who along with Republican Commissioners Ajit Pai and Michael O'Rielly could form the three votes to sink the proposal.Pay TV players: CMCSA, CHTR, CVC/OTCPK:OTCPK:ATCEY, T, DISH, VZ, FTR, CTL Sep. 29, 2016, 10:37 AM | 11 Comments
WSJ: Yahoo execs detected Russia-tied hacking in 2014
The day after it disclosed a massive data breach it thinks affected half a billion of its user accounts, Yahoo (YHOO -3.1%) is facing questions over exactly when it found out about the incursion.In its statement yesterday, the company said "a copy of certain user account information was stolen from the company’s network in late 2014 by what it believes is a state-sponsored actor."As questions swirled today about how it knew those things and when, a source now tells The Wall Street Journal that Yahoo execs found hackers in their systems in fall 2014 that they believed were linked to Russia, and who were seeking data on a specific 30-40 users.The intrusion was discover several weeks after it happened, the source told WSJ. That may or may not be related to the 500M-account incident, but both incidents share the link to a "state-sponsored actor."The attacks were launched from computers in Russia at targets who had done business in Russia, according to the report.Meanwhile, the incident has drawn a negligence suit by a New York user who's seeking class action status on behalf of other users, adding another potential speed bump to Verizon's plan to acquire Yahoo.Verizon (NYSE:VZ) finished today up 0.4%. Sep. 23, 2016, 6:00 PM | 64 Comments
Verizon: Knew about Yahoo breach in past two days, watching probe
In a statement, Verizon (VZ +1.2%) -- set for a $4.83B deal to acquire Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO) -- says it was aware of the latter's giant security breach in the past two days."We understand that Yahoo is conducting an active investigation of this matter, but we otherwise have limited information and understanding of the impact," the telecom said in a statement tweeted out by an account for Bob Varettoni of Verizon PR."We will evaluate as the investigation continues through the lens of overall Verizon interests, including consumers, customers, shareholders and related communities. Until then, we are not in position to further comment."Yahoo this hour has confirmed that a late-2014 breach resulted in stolen user information that Yahoo believes affects 500M user accounts. Its shares, up as much as 1.7% earlier, have turned negative, -0.1%. Sep. 22, 2016, 3:05 PM | 32 Comments
T-Mobile: Sticking to wireless focus; the unlimited-data future
The move to unlimited data service is the beginning of a "radical simplification" of the offer at T-Mobile (TMUS +0.5%), Chief Operating Officer Mike Sievert tells the Goldman Sachs Communacopia Conference.And still a differentiator, despite the resurgence of unlimited plans, he says: "At Verizon (VZ +0.4%), they're sticking somewhere between 'No' and 'Hell No' on unlimited."T-Mobile One, the company's recently announced "Un-carrier" move doing away with data buckets, is essentially a "monthly subscription to the Internet," and that has cost-cutting implications for them. "A third of our calls into our [customer care] centers are about the bill ... What if there was no bill? Because everybody has one simple monthly subscription and they've gone ahead and put it on autopay?" Autopay is on 20% of plans, CFO Braxton Carter says, and the company hopes to double that.Sievert contrasted the company's focus vs. larger, "convergence"-oriented rivals like AT&T (T +0.8%): "They're moving on; they're talking about other things, it's DirecTV, it's Mexico."Earlier at the conference, AT&T said it would zero-rate streaming service DirecTV Now and aggressively price it. "They must be overcome with jealousy about how [Verizon's] Go90's going!" Sievert laughs. "I'm here to tell you: We'll zero-rate DirecTV Now on T-Mobile, happy to pre-announce that." Sep. 22, 2016, 11:31 AM | 44 Comments
Recode: Verizon in talks to acquire video firm Vessel
Verizon (VZ +0.6%) is in advanced talks to buy Vessel, the mobile video startup founded by former Hulu chief Jason Kilar, Recode reports.Vessel originally wanted to become a hub between YouTube stars and fans, but is reportedly pivoting to more of a "Snapchat-like" product that includes image filters among other features.The company has raised more than $130M from backers and has been on the block for months. Meanwhile, Verizon's still interested in video and may be retooling its Go90 mobile video service, which hasn't worked out to date. Sep. 22, 2016, 10:05 AM | 17 Comments
Sprint, T-Mobile claim they're poaching rival's subscribers
With wireless subscription growth slowing overall, the "try harder" guys each say they're stealing each other's customers.T-Mobile (TMUS -2.8%) and Sprint (S -5.9%) said today they're taking subscribers from their small competitor, and thus presenting a tougher challenge to industry leaders AT&T and Verizon.They can't both be 100% right, though time may tell. T-Mobile provided a preliminary update, while Sprint will release official results at the end of the quarter.In its update, T-Mobile said it added about 753,000 branded postpaid phone subs in Q3 so far -- pacing below last year's Q3 gain of 1.1M with just a couple of weeks left, but ahead of Q2 in branded postpaid phone and prepaid net adds.To be fair, T-Mobile (a standout in industry subscriber growth in recent quarters) says it's taking customers from everyone this quarter: 250,000 postpaid phone and prepaid net customer adds from Verizon (VZ +0.3%), and 400,000 from AT&T (T -0.1%), to go along with 300,000 from Sprint.T-Mobile will provide a business update in a presentation to Goldman Sachs' Communacopia Conference Thursday at 10:30 a.m. ET.Previously: Sprint's Claure: All employees tied to turnaround; Five-year plan on track (Sep. 20 2016) Sep. 20, 2016, 2:57 PM | 117 Comments
Technical union comes out against FCC's new set-top box rules
The Department for Professional Employees -- a coalition of technical-worker unions affiliated with AFL-CIO -- has joined other unions in sounding off against the FCC's revised set-top box rules proposal.The group criticized the "de facto" compulsory licensing scheme set up by the agency's chairman, Tom Wheeler, in order to prevent anticompetitive agreements among pay-TV providers.That regime is "unacceptable and unworkable," the DPE says."The FCC does not have this authority," says Paul Almeida, the DPE's president, in a statement. "The one-sided proposal undermines the value of creative works, shrinks revenue streams that middle-class creators depend on to make a living and threatens the hard-fought wages and benefits of creative industry workers."Pay TV players: CMCSA, CHTR, CVC/OTCPK:OTCPK:ATCEY, T, DISH, VZ, FTR, CTL Previously: FCC Chairman: Open to changes to get set-top box rules passed (Sep. 15 2016) Sep. 19, 2016, 7:50 PM | 24 Comments
Verizon declares $0.5775 dividend
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) declares $0.5775/share quarterly dividend, 2.2% increase from prior dividend of $0.565.Forward yield 4.39%Payable Nov. 1; for shareholders of record Oct. 7; ex-div Oct. 5. Sep. 19, 2016, 6:29 AM | 43 Comments
FCC Chairman: Open to changes to get set-top box rules passed
Speaking to the Senate, FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler says he may yet change his proposal of rules to open the market for pay TV set-top boxes, set for a final vote by the commission on Sept. 29.Wheeler's proposal, which focuses heavily on requiring apps from providers so that consumers can watch without costly rental boxes, had been modified already from a plan offered in January.The FCC has said the set-top box market is at $20B a year, and consumers pay an average annual cost of $231 (aside from programming and service costs) for the boxes -- up 185% since 1994 while other consumer electronics have dropped 90% in price over that period.Any new revisions may be targeted at the swing vote on the five-member FCC, Democratic Commissioner Jessica Rosenworcel, who has expressed concerns about the licensing body created by the new rules to prevent anticompetitive agreements between providers.Pay TV players: CMCSA, CHTR, CVC/OTCPK:OTCPK:ATCEY, T, DISH, VZ, FTR, CTL Sep. 15, 2016, 2:20 PM | 12 Comments
Verizon Hearst venture rolls together assets under Complex Networks banner
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) and Hearst, partners in their digital efforts with joint venture Verizon Hearst Media Partners, have announced they've created Complex Networks as a new brand effort.The new setup merges Complex -- the magazine brand created by Marc Ecko and Rich Antoniello in 2002 -- with the partners' existing digital-video channels RatedRed.com and Seriously.TV.Antoniello will continue on as CEO of Complex Networks; Hearst's Neeraj Khemlani and Verizon's Brian Angiolet will be co-chairmen of the new venture.In the spring, the two created Verizon Hearst Media Partners with plans to launch the two channels (one a "Vice for the red states," the other a comedy channel with current events focus), followed in April with a plan to acquire all of Complex Media.The brands being placed under the Complex Networks umbrella generate more than 500M video views a month and have a combined social-media following of more than 75M users. Sep. 14, 2016, 4:49 PM | 8 Comments
NYC says Verizon hasn't achieved Fios targets
Escalating a fight that began last year, New York City has notified Verizon (NYSE:VZ) that it is was in default of a 2008 agreement to build Fios cable connections across the city.The deal technically only covers cable TV, but Verizon also offers high-speed internet over the same fiber-optic cables.Officials say they could sue Verizon unless the carrier shows clear plans for stepping up installations. The company has 30 days to respond to the notice.
Sep. 14, 2016, 8:11 AM | 10 Comments
AOL's Armstrong: 'We're going to be brand' as Verizon buys Yahoo
"Job changes" are ahead for Yahoo (YHOO +1.3%) as it heads for a merger with AOL (VZ +1.5%), says AOL chief Tim Armstrong, but that doesn't necessarily mean cuts.Speaking at TechCrunch Disrupt, Armstrong said the deal's "not about job cuts" but synergies would inevitably lead to changes."Google is search, Facebook is social, we're going to be brand," Armstrong said in outlining a strategy that builds its media brands to leverage ads across all its platforms.On Friday, Yahoo posted the lengthy sale proxy for its $4.83B acquisition by Verizon and AOL. Sep. 12, 2016, 6:21 PM | 18 Comments
Verizon to boost smart-city effort, acquiring Sensity Systems
Verizon (VZ +1.5%) has agreed to acquire privately held Sensity Systems, a move into adding "smart city" solutions using the Internet of Things.Terms weren't disclosed, though the deal is expected to close in Q4.Sensity -- which uses the transformation to LED lighting as the basis for its IoT efforts -- has a "strong ecosystem" of partners, says Verizon's Mike Lanman, and the deal will "accelerate the deployment of large-scale implementations that will drive the digital transformation of cities, universities and venues."Verizon's Smart Communities organization is part of the company's IoT business, using ThingSpace, the company's platform. Sep. 12, 2016, 2:05 PM | 7 Comments
Yahoo drops acquisition proxy: Deal timelines, golden parachutes
In a lengthy acquisition proxy filed tonight, tied to its eventual $4.83B deal to be acquired by Verizon (VZ -3.3%), Yahoo (YHOO -3.3%) revealed that as many as 51 parties expressed initial interest in buying the company after Feb. 19, a number that whittled down to 32 signing confidentiality agreements, then 19 in early April and 14 by April 18.The filing also provides voluminous details of discussions around an (unconsummated) deal between Yahoo, Yahoo Japan and Alibaba.As forecast, what's left after the Verizon sale ("RemainCo") will be only cash and marketable securities, shares in Alibaba, shares in Yahoo Japan, other minority equity investments, and IP assets held in Excalibur. It will be an investment company with a new ticker.Yahoo would owe a $144.8M termination fee if it bolts for a "superior proposal."Along with authorizing the sale to Verizon, shareholders will be asked to consider a nonbinding advisory proposal to approve compensation payable to Yahoo execs -- and "certain directors and executive officers of Yahoo have interests in the Sale Transaction that may be different from or in addition to the interests of Yahoo stockholders generally."In particular, Yahoo restricted stock units held by those employees who would be heading to Verizon would be replaced with cash-settled Verizon RSU awards. CEO Marissa Mayer has $86.4M in Yahoo stock options and RSU awards outstanding; CFO Ken Goldman has $27.1M; Chief Revenue Officer Lisa Utzschneider $21.8M; General Counsel Ronald Bell $16.2M. Co-founder and "Chief Yahoo" David Filo cashed out.Golden parachutes tied to the sale, for named execs: Mayer, $44M; Goldman, $12.2M; Utzschneider, $20.5M; Bell, $12.4M; Filo, $65,742.After hours: VZ -0.2% ; YHOO -0.4%. Sep. 9, 2016, 7:29 PM | 64 Comments
UBS: Best margins for U.S. wireless carriers may be behind
"Wireless clouds are starting to gather," UBS says in a report noting that historically high margins for U.S. wireless carriers may have peaked, with negative impact coming as soon as next year.U.S. wireless firms have posted record profits for three years as carriers -- AT&T (T -3.6%), Verizon (VZ -3.3%), T-Mobile (TMUS -4.4%) and Sprint (S -2.2%) -- outpaced other global regions in average revenue per user, churn, EBITDA and margins.But three factors will conspire to depress EBITDA growth, UBS says: the decline of the margin accounting boost from the switch to equipment installment pricing; rising churn as phone replacement cycles shorten; and falling ARPU as carriers are forced to keep cutting data costs. "While it's hard to gauge the impact of recent price changes on ARPU, one thing is for sure, carriers are providing more value for the same price, lowering the inherent yield of additional data usage.”The firm's top pick in the sector is still T-Mobile, based on customer acquisition, but it notes that AT&T's diversification and bundling via DirecTV puts it in a good position. Sep. 9, 2016, 5:57 PM | 78 Comments
FCC's proposed set-top rules include devices with 5M in shipments
A new FCC draft order circulating to regulate pay TV's approach to set-top devices has left questions over just how comprehensive the changes would be.Chairman Tom Wheeler's fact sheet about the rules laid out how providers would need to create apps enabling consumers to see all the content they paid for on their own devices, without paying expensive rental fees for a box. (The FCC estimates Americans spend $20B on box leasing fees that have jumped 185% since 1994, a period during which other consumer electronics have fallen 90% in price.)Top pay TV providers (those serving about 95% of the subscriber population) will need to comply with the new rules within two years if they're adopted in a Sept. 29 vote.As for platforms, Wheeler's fact sheet singled out Roku, iOS/Android and Windows, but any operating system with U.S. shipments of at least 5M devices qualifies to have an app written for it by providers.Devices would also meet the requirement if they're already built on a qualifying platform (such as on Android).Alternately, smaller device providers could strike their own deals with providers (such as with Comcast's Xfinity TV Partner Program) to get access to the apps.Pay TV players: CMCSA, CHTR, CVC/OTCPK:OTCPK:ATCEY, T, DISH, VZ, FTR, CTL Sep. 8, 2016, 8:42 PM | 17 Comments
FCC chairman proposes new rules for set-top boxes
FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler has circulated a final-rules version of his "ditch the box" proposal to open the market for pay television set-top boxes, and it's moved considerably toward an app-based approach cable providers favor."Today, I am sharing with FCC colleagues a plan to end the set-top box stranglehold and monthly rental fees," Wheeler says in presenting the new order, which he says simplifies the original proposal while still fulfilling Congress' mandate to the agency to ensure consumers can use preferred devices to access programming they've paid for.Keys to the new order: Providers will have to offer a free app for subscribers to access all the programming they pay for on a variety of devices, "including tablets, smartphones, gaming systems, streaming devices or smart TVs." And consumers won't be forced to pay monthly rental fees for a box. Providers will also have to make their apps available to popular platforms including Roku, iOS/Android and Windows.Also, the rules force providers to allow consumers to search content in one place whether it comes from the provider, over-the-top services or a programmer's stand-alone app, with no discrimination allowed.Copyright and licensing are protected as providers will oversee end-to-end content delivery with control over their apps, Wheeler says.The FCC will vote on the new order Sept. 29; if it's adopted, the biggest pay-TV providers (covering 95% of subscribers) will have two years to comply.Pay TV players: CMCSA -0.3%, CHTR -3.2%, CVC/OTCPK:OTCPK:ATCEY, T -0.2%, DISH +1.6%, VZ -0.2%, FTR +0.9%, CTL -0.2% Sep. 8, 2016, 4:22 PM | 34 Comments
Verizon looks to be the first U.S. telco to support to Internet of Things apps
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) will deploy LTE CAT-M (also known as LTE Category M1) for Internet of Things (IoT) applications throughout its network by year-end, making it the first U.S. operator to do so.LTE CAT-M offers several benefits: longer battery life for IoT devices (up to 10 year or more); modules less expensive than regular 4G LTE modules; and better network coverage in buildings and underground.Competitor AT&T (NYSE:T) is planning to test LTE CAT-M in November and deploy in 2017.The commitment to CAT-M is good news for companies like Sequens, Altair, Sierra Wireless (NASDAQ:SWIR), U-Blox (OTC:UBLXF), Telit (OTCPK:TTCNF), Gemalto (OTCPK:GTOFF, OTCPK:GTOMY), Nokia (NYSE:NOK) and others, who require a strong operator commitment to move forward with their chipsets, modules, and associated devices.
Sep. 7, 2016, 2:10 AM | 8 Comments
WisdomTree Equity Income ETF (DHS) August Summary
August monthly performance was: -1.5% AUM of $1.31B52-week performance vs. the S&P 500 is: +9% $0.18 in dividends were paid in AugustTop 10 Holdings as of 7/29/2016: AT&T Inc (T): 5.5853%, Exxon Mobil Corp (XOM): 5.12068%, Verizon Communications Inc (VZ): 4.31268%, Chevron Corp (CVX): 3.62281%, General Electric Co (GE): 3.38972%, Pfizer Inc (PFE): 3.01797%, Procter & Gamble Co (PG): 3.0115%, Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT): 2.93033%, Philip Morris International Inc (PM): 2.78531%, International Business Machines Corp (IBM): 2.28424% Sep. 6, 2016, 11:40 AM
Verizon CFO Shammo sets retirement for end of year
Fran Shammo, chief financial officer of Verizon (VZ +0.4%), has announced his plan to retire at the end of the year.A key figure in the telecom industry, he'll step down from his roles as CFO and executive VP of the company effective Nov. 1. The board has named Matt Ellis, now senior VP and CFO-Operations Finance, to succeed him in those roles."This is a great time for me to make this personal move," said the 55-year-old Shammo in a statement. "For Verizon, 2016 has been a significant transformational year, and I will leave knowing that the company is well positioned to deliver on its strategic initiatives."Shammo has been CFO since November 2010, and previously was president and CEO of Verizon Telecom and Business. He had joined predecessor Bell Atlantic Mobile in 1989.Ellis joined Verizon in 2013 after 15 years at Tyson Foods, where held a number of roles including VP and treasurer. Sep. 1, 2016, 4:29 PM | 18 Comments
Verizon launches LTE Advanced, promising 50% faster peak wireless speed
While Sprint and T-Mobile joust over new unlimited-data plans, Verizon (VZ +0.9%) has announced network enhancements, rolling out LTE Advanced to 461 cities.The company promises 50% faster peak wireless speeds with no changes or extra charges needed from customers. The move should cover 288M people coast to coast, Verizon says.Subscribers using an LTE Advanced-capable device (39 devices available, including Samsung Galaxy phones, Moto Droids and Apple iPhones) will see the speed improvements.LTE Advanced uses carrier aggregation technology and various types of spectrum (700 MHz, AWS, PCS) to move peak download speeds of up to 225 Mbps. That's vs. the more typical download speeds that customers will experience, 5-12 Mbps. Aug. 29, 2016, 12:09 PM | 16 Comments
FCC spectrum auction hits first benchmark, with long ways to go
The first benchmark has been hit for closing the FCC's broadcast incentive spectrum auction, but the second benchmark will be a harder task.Bids have reached $16.3B after 15 rounds in the forward auction, which began last week as a second phase following an earlier reverse auction.That's exceeded the $15.9B total the FCC set as the first benchmark for closing -- but the other benchmark is $88.38B, which the FCC needs to pay broadcasters who set that price in the reverse auction as well as cover costs.There's still time, particularly with the price on the blocks rising by 5% a day, John Eggerton notes. But falling short of the $88.38B could mean reopening reverse auction rounds and a completion delayed into next year.Spectrum players: VZ, T, TMUS, S, DISH, SBGI, EVC, CMCSA, CHTR, NXST, CBS, MEG Aug. 24, 2016, 7:50 PM | 66 Comments
FCC's 'Robocall Strike Force' holds first meeting
The FCC has gathered a "strike force" of companies in telecommunications and technology to try to put an end to the "scourge" of unsolicited automated phone calls.The agency holds its first meeting today with its "Robocall Strike Force," a coalition that includes AT&T (NYSE:T), Verizon (NYSE:VZ), T-Mobile (NASDAQ:TMUS), Frontier Communications (NASDAQ:FTR) and Comcast (NASDAQ:CMCSA) along with tech partners in Alphabet, Apple, and Microsoft -- more than 30 companies in all.AT&T chief Randall Stephenson is serving as the group's chairman. It will provide a report by Oct. 19 on how to get new tools and solutions into consumers' hands.Currently, the FCC doesn't require providers to offer blocking and filtering tools for robocalls, but has strongly urged them to make tools available for free to customers."It's vital that carriers move quickly to offer robocall blocking tools," Wheeler says. "This scourge must stop." Aug. 19, 2016, 1:03 PM | 66 Comments
Carriers jockey for position as FCC auction starts phase two
A major FCC auction of wireless airwaves just entered its second phase.The forward auction in the FCC's broadcast incentive spectrum sale has begun, with Comcast (CMCSA -0.1%) and Dish Network (DISH -0.8%) among those joining the usual spectrum suspects: AT&T (T -0.9%), Verizon (VZ -0.6%), and T-Mobile (TMUS +0.1%), but not Sprint (S +0.4%), which is sitting this out. Of about 100 parties eligible to bid, 62 have been certified by the FCC.That follows the reverse auction, where broadcasters set up blocks of spectrum they'll be selling to be reallocated for wireless carrier use.This phase represents a challenge, now that the reverse auction's price has been set at $86.4B. With costs, the FCC needs to raise $88B; if the forward auction doesn't reach that height, the reverse auction will need to be reopened to lower its price, which would also cut spectrum sold -- and likely drag the entire process into 2017.Broadcast players: SBGI, EVC, NXST, CBS, MEG Previously: Next phase of FCC spectrum auction likely to start mid-July (Jul. 01 2016) Aug. 16, 2016, 10:26 AM | 18 Comments
Cord-cutting: How fast are people ditching traditional TV?
A new report is giving ammunition to "cord-haver" investors in an increasing high-profile TV industry debate.SNL Kagan sees a moderation in the cord-cutting trend, noting the "rate of decline stayed about constant versus the past couple of quarters."Meanwhile, at least some key companies are responding to the change: Even as pay TV bundle customers decline, they can see big new residential revenues from upticks in broadband Internet subscriptions.The firm forecasts broadband subscriptions will swell by more than 8M over 10 years, hitting 71M (ending up at 1.6 times the video sub numbers). Meanwhile, basic video subscriptions are expected to drop by annual compounded growth rate of 1.5% (to 45.4M by 2026), slower than last year's expected 1.7% decline, SNL Kagan says.It expects residential revenues to rise from $108.38B this year to $117.7B in 2016, and contributions from commercial services to push industry revenue from $130.57B today to $140.99B in 2026.On the other hand, Jan Dawson at Jackdaw Research warns that more people are cord-cutting than you think, pointing to six straight quarters of Y/Y declines in pay TV subs."I’ve lost track of how many headlines I’ve seen over the last couple of years which posit that cord-cutting is somehow slowing down off the back of a small number of providers’ quarterly results," Dawson says, mainly due to observers focusing on quarterly net adds rather than annual changes, and looking at too small a sample size.Cable players have done well lately, but at the expense of telcos -- and even in cable, it's an example of the rich getting richer, with smaller players suffering. And Dish Network (NASDAQ:DISH) is seeing worsening results despite its creation of streaming service Sling TV.Cord/no-cord players: CMCSA, CHTR, OTCPK:ATCEY, T, VZ, DISH, FTR, CTL, NFLX, DIS, FOX, FOXA, TWX, CNSL, AMZN, WIN, CCOI Aug. 11, 2016, 8:12 PM | 142 Comments
Court rules for states in restrictions on city broadband nets
In another victory for broadband Internet providers, a federal appeals court ruled in favor of two states seeking to set limits on municipal broadband networks.The FCC had sought to pre-empt state laws that put onerous restrictions on cities' rights to build and expand their own high-speed networks -- which can reduce demand from private-sector Internet service providers.The appeals court said the FCC couldn't block Tennessee and North Carolina from restricting cities that were seeking to expand their muni networks.Updated 2:45 p.m.: FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler in a statement: "The efforts of communities wanting better broadband should not be thwarted by the political power of those who, by protecting their monopoly, have failed to deliver acceptable service at an acceptable price. The FCC’s mandate is to make sure that Americans have access to the best possible broadband."U.S. ISPs/carriers: VZ, T, CMCSA, OTCPK:ATCEY, S, TMUS, WIN, CTL, FTR, CHTR, CCOI Aug. 10, 2016, 2:35 PM | 52 Comments
Verizon deals could portend more telecom moves into fleet management
Verizon's (NYSE:VZ) moves into telematics -- purchasing a pair of vehicle tracking firms -- could mean even more deals as the top telecom and its rivals pursue growth, analysts are figuring.Last week, the company announced a $2.4B deal for Fleetmatics, following on a June deal for Telogis, which makes fleet management software.That industry is tying fleets of vehicles to wireless networks to add big data management to companies in businesses like logistics and shipping.AT&T (NYSE:T) has its own fleet management business and could investigate its own deals for firms like Teletrac Navman, Omnitracs, Geotab and Zonar, analysts say.ABI Research's Susan Beardslee says that Verizon could be looking for a security or software technology firm to link up with a growing auto tech business. Aug. 9, 2016, 3:49 PM | 5 Comments
Survey: T-Mobile, Sprint to benefit from building iPhone demand
Swelling demand for a new iPhone is likely not only to boost Apple, but also to send subscribers to T-Mobile (TMUS -0.2%) and Sprint (S +0.6%), according to a survey from New Street Research.Some 10% of the firm's respondents suggest they plan to switch carriers in the next few months, suggesting industry churn of about 2.5% in Q4, it said.And switching activity benefits the "share takers" vs. the share losers -- AT&T (T -0.6%) and Verizon (VZ -0.1%).Those two sector leaders have been focusing on more profitable customers, whereas Sprint and T-Mobile are trying to take customer share from the big two.Some 22% of respondents said they would buy the new iPhone upon release or within the next few months; of those 5% plan to switch carriers in doing so. And 25% of respondents are specifically waiting for a new iPhone to upgrade their device. Aug. 8, 2016, 2:01 PM | 30 Comments
Employees have questions; Yahoo has answers on Verizon deal
Yahoo (YHOO -0.7%) has answered employee questions about its deal to be acquired by Verizon (VZ -1.3%) for $4.8B, and one loomed larger than others: The company says there won't be layoffs between now and the deal's completion, set for Q1.Yahoo has laid off at least 1,600 since initiating cuts in February. And while job losses may be off for now, analysts had predicted heavy workforce cuts in the eventuality that Yahoo were acquired by someone like Verizon."At this time, Yahoo is not planning any layoffs in anticipation of the transaction closing," the company said in one of two sets of answers (SEC filing). "Prior to the transaction closing, we will continue to operate our business independently, focus on achieving our corporate goals and manage employee performance in the ordinary course of business." Will there be layoffs after the transaction closes? "That is a decision for Verizon."On CEO Marissa Mayer: "Marissa is committed to Yahoo, its employees and its stockholders and plans to see the company through the next phase of its transition to Verizon ... Post-closing Verizon will determine the leadership structure of the combined entity."As expected, what's left after the Internet assets and real estate go -- now called "RemainCo" -- will retain stakes in Alibaba Group and Yahoo Japan along with non-core IP, and be renamed as a registered investment company. Employee shareholders of Yahoo stock will continue to hold RemainCo stock after the closing. Aug. 2, 2016, 2:39 PM | 19 Comments
O2's Dunne named president of Verizon Wireless
Verizon (VZ -1%) has tapped Ronan Dunne, former CEO of O2 UK, as chief of its Verizon Wireless business.Dunne will be executive VP and group president of the Verizon Wireless operation effective in September. He's spent the past eight years at the helm of Telefonica's (NYSE:TEF) wireless unit in the UK, No. 2 in that market.He'll be charged with oversight of all Verizon wireless operations: marketing operations, wireless operations, network operations, customer care and digital operations. Aug. 2, 2016, 11:29 AM | 2 Comments
WisdomTree Equity Income ETF (DHS) July Summary
July monthly performance was: +1.9% AUM of $1.31B52-week performance vs. the S&P 500 is: +10% $0.23 in dividends were paid in JulyTop 10 Holdings as of 6/30/2016: AT&T Inc (T): 5.65149%, Exxon Mobil Corp (XOM): 5.47044%, Verizon Communications Inc (VZ): 4.40575%, Chevron Corp (CVX): 3.75675%, General Electric Co (GE): 3.47376%, Procter & Gamble Co (PG): 3.01991%, Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT): 2.97257%, Pfizer Inc (PFE): 2.9201%, Philip Morris International Inc (PM): 2.86459%, Coca-Cola Co (KO): 2.36751% Aug. 2, 2016, 9:43 AM
Verizon's $2.4B Fleetmatics deal at 'healthy' multiple
Verizon's (VZ -0.8%) $2.4B deal for Fleetmatics (FLTX +38.7%) didn't come as a surprise to Citigroup analyst Kenneth Wong, who noted an "aggressive pace" of consolidation in the sector.Verizon had announced a deal in June to buy fleet-management software maker Telogis as well. The Fleetmatics deal is in line with recent transaction multiples of 6 to 9 time recurring revenue, Wong says.“There has been significant consolidation across the fleet management space from across the auto ecosystem (OEMs, telco, pure play FMS vendors (FLTX mainly), fuel card providers, etc.) so we believe the bidding process was competitive," he writes.RBC's Matthew Hedberg calls it a "healthy multiple," saying the deal reflects "6.1x FTM EV/S vs. 5.1x for software acquisitions."Despite today's jump, Fleetmatics at $59.60 isn't quite that stock's 52-week high: It hit $62.86 in December and had fallen 31.7% since then. Aug. 1, 2016, 11:36 AM | 6 Comments
Verizon announces acquisition of Fleetmatics
Verizon  (NYSE:VZ) announces it will acquire Fleetmatics (NYSE:FLTX) for $60.00 per share in a deal valued at approximately $2.4B. Shareas of FLTX closed at $42.96 on Friday.“Verizon and Fleetmatics share a vision that the SaaS-based fleet management solution market is extraordinarily large, lightly penetrated, global and fragmented which can best be attacked together with a world class product offering and the largest distribution channel in the industry,” said Fleetmatics CEO Jim Travers.The acquisition is subject to customary regulatory approvals and closing conditions, including the approval of Fleetmatics’ shareholders and the sanction of the Irish scheme of arrangement by which Verizon will acquire Fleetmatics by the Irish High Court, and is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2016.As a result of today’s announcement, Fleetmatics has cancelled its earnings call previously scheduled for August 9, 2016 and has withdrawn its most recent guidance with respect to 2016. Aug. 1, 2016, 8:09 AM | 4 Comments
USTelecom pushes full Appeals Court review of net neutrality
After losing a decision from a three-judge panel in June, challengers of the FCC's Open Internet order (led by trade group USTelecom) are requesting the full Court of Appeals for D.C. to reverse course and consider striking down the order.USTelecom, joined by CenturyLink (NYSE:CTL), is objecting to the net neutrality orders that would regulate Internet providers as common carriers under Title II. It's requested an en banc review of the legal challenges at that court.Those two are joined in the challenges by wireless group CTIA as well as cable association NCTA.Legal challenges to the rules mounted last year starting the day after the FCC voted on the matter.Related tickers: T, VZ, TMUS, S, CMCSA, CHTR, OTCPK:ATCEY, CTL, FTR, CCOI, DISH Jul. 29, 2016, 10:27 AM | 14 Comments
Verizon profits decline but beat in strike-hit quarter
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) is 0.5% lower premarket following a Q2 earnings report where profits beat expectations despite falling off sharply in a quarter impacted by a lengthy wireline strike.Revenues dropped more than 5% and missed expectations by about 1.4%. Operating income was $4.6B, with a margin of 14.9%.The company posted 615,000 retail postpaid net additions, bringing end-of-quarter retail connections to 113.2M (up 3.3%) -- retail postpaid connections grew 3.9% to 107.8M; prepaid connections fell to 5.4M. Retail postpaid churn was 0.94% (up 4 basis points).There's a lot of Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO) books to go over, but the cost synergies should be "meaningful," said CEO Lowell McAdam.Cash flows from operations were $5.4B; $12.8B through the first half, down $6.1B from the year-ago period (which included a one-time $2.4B benefit tied to monetizing towers). Jul. 26, 2016, 9:28 AM | 9 Comments
Verizon beats by $0.02, misses on revenue
Verizon (NYSE:VZ): Q2 EPS of $0.94 beats by $0.02.Revenue of $30.53B (-5.2% Y/Y) misses by $420M. Jul. 26, 2016, 7:03 AM | 10 Comments
Will Marissa Mayer stay on at Yahoo?
"I plan to stay. I love Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO) and am excited to see it into its next chapter," she said during a conference call, while AOL (NYSE:VZ) CEO Tim Armstrong seemed to confirm "she will be running" the company.Mayer has already earned over $100M in reported compensation from the search giant over the past four years at the helm (and that doesn't include the $55M she's due if she steps down.)Previously: Verizon confirms $4.83B deal for Yahoo (Jul. 25 2016) Jul. 26, 2016, 4:37 AM | 41 Comments
Conrad singles out CTL, WIN, CSAL for endangered dividends
The telecom sector has usually offered investors some solid dividend payers, but a separation in network quality between the top and smaller competitors is putting some dividends at risk.Three regional telecoms make Roger Conrad's "Endangered Dividends List" -- CenturyLink (NYSE:CTL), Windstream Holdings (NASDAQ:WIN) and Communications Sales & Leasing (NASDAQ:CSAL). They've got cash flow to cover payouts now, but profit margins keep shrinking.Windstream had effectively slashed its dividend nearly a year ago with the spinoff of CSAL, he says, and CenturyLink gave investors a 25%-plus haircut three years ago.Only five of 22 telecoms he looked at pay a higher dividend today than they did five years ago: AT&T (NYSE:T), Verizon (NYSE:VZ), Comcast (NASDAQ:CMCSA), Shenandoah Telecommunications (NASDAQ:SHEN), and Telephone & Data Systems (NYSE:TDS).CenturyLink might be first to make a cut, he says, as it's rolling over $1.35B in debt this year and faces heavy annual maturities from 2020-2025. Jul. 25, 2016, 6:48 PM | 14 Comments
Notable earnings before Tuesday’s open
ABG, ACW, AHGP, AKS, ALLY, AOS, ARLP, ASTE, ATI, AUDC, AVY, AXE, AXTA, BAX, BEAV, BP, BPOP, CAT, CHKP, CIGI, CNC, CNHI, CNX, CPLA, CSL, CTG, CVLT, CYNO, DD, DTE, EEFT, EXAS, FBC, FCH, FCX, FELE, FIS, FMER, GPK, HOT, HUBB, HZO, ICLR, JBLU, JNS, KEY, KKR, LLY, LPT, MAS, MBLY, MCD, MDXG, MMM, NCI, NEO, NLSN, NORD, PCAR, PCH, RAI, RDWR, SAH, SIR, SIRI, ST, TGNA, TNC, TOWR, TROW, UA, USG, UTX, VLO, VZ, WAT, WDR, WWW, XRS Jul. 25, 2016, 5:30 PM | 14 Comments
Verizon confirms $4.83 deal for Yahoo
The deal is expected to close in Q1, and while the sale includes Yahoo's (NASDAQ:YHOO) core Internet assets and real estate, it does not include Yahoo's stake in Alibaba and Yahoo Japan, or its cash. There assets will continue to be held by Yahoo, which will change its name upon the deal's closing, and continue to be a publicly traded company. Said cash is expected to be returned to shareholders.Yahoo will hold a dial-in conference call to discuss at 8:30 ET. Verizon (NYSE:VZ) will discuss when it holds its earnings call tomorrow at 8:30 ET.VZ +0.35% premarket; YHOO haltedPreviously: Reports: Verizon to announce $4.8B deal for Yahoo before open (July 24) Jul. 25, 2016, 7:22 AM | 57 Comments
Reports: Verizon to announce $4.8B deal for Yahoo before open
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) is set to pay $4.8B to acquire Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO) in a deal that is likely to be announced before the market opens Monday, according to Bloomberg.As reported in the past few days, the deal will include core Internet assets as well as Yahoo's real estate, though some intellectual property will be sold separately.After those sales, Yahoo would hold its stakes in Yahoo Japan and Alibaba Group (combined value of about $40B).Verizon's expected to keep its new purchase relatively intact in a bid to combine it with AOL and compete with Google and Facebook in digital ads "by tapping into users on sites like Yahoo Finance," Bloomberg notes.Previously: Verizon's Yahoo interest includes real estate, not IP; Munster: 'Great outcome' (Jul. 22 2016)Previously: Verizon reported to be close to landing Yahoo (Jul. 22 2016) Jul. 24, 2016, 2:53 PM | 140 Comments
Verizon's Yahoo interest includes real estate, not IP; Munster: 'Great outcome'
Leaks that Verizon (VZ +1%) continues to be the front-runner to close a deal for core Yahoo (YHOO +1%) have the telecom spending about $5B on the deal, vs. an earlier $3.75B-$4B.While earlier Verizon interest excluded Yahoo's patent portfolio and real estate, the current talks do reportedly include the real estate.Yahoo had set aside about 3,000 patents into a subsidiary called Excalibur for separate auction by Black Stone IP, though other bidders like AT&T (T +1.5%) or a group with Quicken Loans' Dan Gilbert (still reportedly talking with Yahoo) or an aggressive TPG might yet want to buy the IP along with core assets.The deal would be a "great outcome," Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster says, with time of the essence since "the real value here is unlocking Yahoo Japan and Alibaba (BABA +0.1%) in a cash-free transaction. And they really need to get that done before the election."The $5B figure is still a bit low, Munster says, as he expects the deal to be around $6B. "If you look at the tax benefit for Yahoo Japan and Alibaba, that's about a $10B or $11B tax benefit, so a billion dollars here and there doesn't make much difference; there's still upside to Yahoo shares." Jul. 22, 2016, 12:44 PM | 35 Comments
Verizon reported to be close to landing Yahoo
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) is close to landing a deal to acquire Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO), according to a Bloomberg headline.An announcement on a deal is anticipated within a few days.Shares of Yahoo are up 1.21% premarket to $39.32. VZ -0.36% to $55.17. Jul. 22, 2016, 8:48 AM | 60 Comments
FCC puts Verizon's $1.8B XO fiber-optic deal on hold
The FCC is "pausing" its 180-day review of Verizon's (NYSE:VZ) $1.8B deal to buy XO Communications' fiber-optic business as it looks for more information.The carrier came to the deal to buy the fiber business of Carl Icahn's XO in February, along with an agreement to lease XO wireless spectrum and an option to buy.Later in the spring, Dish Network pressed the FCC to reject the deal, saying it would give Verizon near-exclusive control of 5G spectrum as well as dampen current and future competition between Verizon and XO in a number of markets. Jul. 21, 2016, 11:27 AM | 1 Comment
Oppenheimer goes Neutral on Verizon with concerns in the air
In a strong environment for telecom and dividend payers, Verizon (VZ -0.5%) has gotten a downgrade from Oppenheimer & Co., which is raising a number of issues including valuation.The firm reduced its rating on shares to Market Perform. After YTD gains of more than 20%, the stock is now $2 above Oppenheimer's price target, and sitting relatively high on several metrics, analyst Tim Horan writes.Verizon's commitment to spending in the FCC's current spectrum auction -- it put $10B into the AWS-3 auction last year, leading to sales of cell towers and wireline operations -- is an uncertainty, along with the outcome of an auction at Yahoo."Verizon's acknowledged interest in Yahoo's assets and the broadcast incentive auction in particular as well as a change in FCC leadership have historically pressured wireless stocks, as have the two-year (Apple) iPhone refresh," Horan writes. "We believe a clear path to wireless revenue growth in second half 2017 is key."Citigroup today downgraded the stock to Market Perform as well.Verizon is set to report earnings next Tuesday. Jul. 20, 2016, 11:27 AM | 8 Comments
Moffett: Macro environment responsible for telecom success
The typical metrics that telecom investors examine may not matter as much to their holdings as a favorable macroeconomic environment, industry analyst Craig Moffett writes.That's accounting for the price war as well as common bellwethers like average revenue per user, he says. In most industries, developments like telecom has seen in the past year (Verizon's (VZ -0.5%) recent moves to reset pricing; T-Mobile's (TMUS -0.3%) un-carrier promotions; aggressive phone financing revamps) would spur meaty debates about valuation and growth: "But telecom isn't most industries. It has now been a full decade since fundamentals were last a major part of the telco equity performance story (good or bad)."Fundamentals may matter again soon, ahead of a new iPhone introduction (that could benefit T-Mobile and Sprint (S -3.9%) more than AT&T and Verizon), and AT&T's (T -0.2%) full integration of DirecTV finances.But in the meantime, macro factors are still prevalent: "When interest rates are falling and the dollar is rising, the story appears to have been pretty straightforward, after all: Buy telecom." Jul. 19, 2016, 1:13 PM | 20 Comments
CNBC: Five Yahoo bidders left after final-offer deadline
Five bidders are left after a final deadline in an auction for the core business of Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO), CNBC reports.The company hadn't provided details with its earnings report yesterday other than to say it was deep into proposals.It's now expected to finish the bidding process entirely by the end of July.There's yet no word on who the five are, but numerous media reports have zoomed in on Verizon (NYSE:VZ) as a favorite, with AT&T (NYSE:T) still in the running along with private-equity combinations and a group led by Quicken Loans' Dan Gilbert and backed by Warren Buffett. Jul. 19, 2016, 9:27 AM | 28 Comments
Bet on these 'laggards' in Q3 - Fundstrat
Thomas Lee from Fundstrat Market & Equity Research ("our research process combines both top-down strategy and bottoms-up fundamental views, to develop a roadmap of practical and useful investment insights for our clients") identifies 15 stocks that meet his criteria for his current “highest conviction” strategies, which he calls “laggards become leaders” and “stocks are the new bonds.”The following stocks are in 1 of 16 groups that have lagged in the bull market (laggards), and have dividend yield greater than the their long-term bond yield (stocks are the new bonds): APD, CAT, CSCO, CVX, HP, IBM, OXY, PCAR, PG, PX, RL, SLB, T, VZ, XOM. Jul. 15, 2016, 10:02 AM | 36 Comments
FCC votes to open up high-frequency spectrum for 5G wireless
The FCC voted unanimously today to open up four bands of frequencies above 24 GHz for 5G wireless service, setting the stage for exploiting next-generation technologies for mobile transmission.That's nearly 11 GHz of spectrum (3.85 GHz in licensed bands at 28 GHz, 37 GHz and 39 GHz, and 7 GHz in an unlicensed band between 64 GHz and 71 GHz).The agency says companies will be able to exploit the spectrum for "fiber-fast" capabilities, up to 100 times faster than current 4G networks.In addition, the agency pledged to push for opening up more millimeter wave bands as quickly as it can, via a Further Notice of Proposed Rulemaking that looks to apply today's rules to another 18 GHz of spectrum (in eight additional high-frequency bands)In related stocks: (T +0.5%); (VZ -0.2%); (TMUS -0.5%); (S +1.9%); (DISH +1%); (CMCSA +0.4%); (STRP +5.7%); (GSAT -1.2%) Jul. 14, 2016, 3:38 PM | 38 Comments
FCC refraining from new programming-dispute rules for now
FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler says in a blog post that he won't offer up new rules regarding retransmission-rights negotiations between TV programmers and providers.The stance comes alongside an increasing environment for disputes and lengthy blackouts of TV service as pay-TV companies and content creators tussle over the increasing costs of programming.Based on staff review, "it is clear that more rules in this area are not what we need at this point ... So, today I announce that we will not proceed at this time to adopt additional rules governing good faith negotiations for retransmission consent."Wheeler says Congress could yet expand the FCC's scope of authority which could provide for more action. But "What we need is not more rules, but for both sides in retransmission consent negotiations to take seriously their responsibility to consumers."Dish Network (NASDAQ:DISH) and Tribune Media (NYSE:TRCO) are in the middle of an ongoing fight, including a blackout.Pay TV players: CMCSA, TWC, CHTR, CVC/OTCPK:ATCEY, T, DISH, VZ, FTR, CTL Jul. 14, 2016, 1:40 PM | 3 Comments
FCC swing vote agrees set-top box regulation is 'flawed'
House testimony today indicates that an FCC proposal to open the market for TV set-top boxes may be losing its majority.FCC Commissioner Jessica Rosenworcel -- considered a swing vote here -- acknowledged under questioning that the proposal (voted to move forward on party lines in February) was flawed.Asked by Rep. Marsha Blackburn to answer only yes/no, Rosenworcel and GOP commissioners Ajit Pai and Michael O'Rielly said "yes" to the question "Do you agree that the initial FCC set-top proposal is flawed?" Rosenworcel also said "yes" to "Do you agree that if the FCC is to move forward, it should follow a different approach than outlined in the NPRM?"Pay TV players: CMCSA, TWC, CHTR, CVC/OTCPK:OTCPK:ATCEY, T, DISH, VZ, FTR, CTL Jul. 13, 2016, 7:31 PM | 13 Comments
Verizon names former YouTube exec as Go90 chief content officer
Verizon (VZ +0.9%) is boosting its Go90 streaming video service by hiring a former YouTube exec.Ivana Kirkbride is joining Go90 as its chief content officer after a stint at Vessel, and will pursue original content for the mobile service, which also features a mix of licensed shows along with digital content from partners like BuzzFeed and AwesomenessTV.Kirkbride had helped launch original channels at YouTube after joining that video service in 2011; she eventually led YouTube's unscripted original series initiative in 2014. She joined Vessel last September as VP of content acquisition, working for former Hulu chief Jason Kilar. Jul. 8, 2016, 4:47 PM | 1 Comment
Report: Verizon data center auction draws P-E interest in second round
An auction of Verizon's (VZ +0.9%) data centers has moved to a second round, CTFN reports.The carrier had launched a sales effort at the beginning of the year with hopes to drawing $2.5B or more.Now rumored suitors include Providence Equity, Carlyle Group (NASDAQ:CG) and Blackstone Group (NYSE:BX) among those who might pay $2.5B-$3B, a price that weeds out a lot of strategic buyers.The move to sell data centers -- news that was shot down in the fall by CFO Fran Shammo -- would be a reversal of its actions five years ago, when it paid $1.4B for Terremark in a move into hosting and co-location. Jul. 8, 2016, 1:46 PM | 2 Comments
Analysts: Verizon changes mean wireless price wars still ongoing
The reaction on Wall Street has been fairly blithe to news of wireless price increases from Verizon (VZ -1.6%), which touched a 16-year high this week -- likely because analysts are reading the company's price hikes as more of a price cut.That's when you look at pricing from the data perspective, per gigabyte. Prices are going up about 13% on average, Nomura's Jeffrey Kvaal notes, but price per GB is dropping about 20% on average (the smallest plan, for example, goes to $35/month from $30 but doubles data to 2 GB).For the most part, analysts are signaling that contrary to conventional wisdom, Verizon's moves are defensive and they mean that the price war isn't over."It is being reported that VZ is raising prices and that shows the competition is not hurting them," says Wells Fargo's Jennifer Fritzsche. "We are not sure this is the correct conclusion ... in some ways a case could be made with these new plans and offerings VZ is acting more 'me too' to meet some of the perks which VZ's competitors are already offering."Verizon's anti-overage moves -- a $5 "safety mode" and offer to roll over unused data -- also signal an acquiescence to customers' overage-related pains. Jul. 7, 2016, 6:09 PM | 17 Comments
Verizon confirms redesigned app and price and data bucket increases
In a news conference, Verizon (VZ -0.2%) confirmed changes to its plans and a revamped digital approach via a redesigned My Verizon app.As expected, its five data bucket sizes are increasing, but with slightly higher costs (its smallest plan goes up by $5/month to $35 but doubles data to 2 GB from 1 GB, while its "XXL" plan goes up $10 to $110 but offers 24 GB rather than 18 GB).A revamped app (auto-updated for existing My Verizon app users) will bring more visibility into data usage, the company says: A "data hub" will always say exactly how much data remains, where data is being used and who on the plan is using it. Verizon says it also offers simplified billing, personalized offers, and e-commerce options to shop for and upgrade devices without leaving the app.Among other announcements today, a data carryover feature will move unused gigabytes to the following month automatically; a "safety mode" will block overages and simply throttle customers to 128 kbps rather than 4G, once they hit their data limit (free to XL/XXL size plans, $5/month otherwise); "data boost" will let customers add a GB of 4G data for $15 at any time; and improved Mexico/Canada coverage (unlimited talk/text and no data roaming surcharges for XL and larger plans). Jul. 6, 2016, 1:28 PM | 16 Comments
Verizon revamping plans, raising prices and data buckets
Verizon's (VZ +0.8%) setting an overhaul to its plans, including a speculated price hike, but one that will come with more data.Last year the company resized its data plans using a clothing-size metaphor, from small to double-extra large.Now, it's looking to raise the price on its "S" plan to $35/month from $30, but double its size to 2 GB. Similarly, the "M" plan will go to $50 from $45, but increase to 4 GB from 3 GB; "L" up to $70 from $60, with data increasing to 8 GB from 6 GB; "XL" to $90 from $80, with data going to 16 GB from 12 GB; and "XXL" to $110/month from $100, but with 24GB, up from 18 GB.Verizon will also add a rollover data program and improve access to Canada and Mexico (following in competitive footsteps there, as carriers work to provide better North American access). It's promising a news conference tomorrow to discuss unveiling a "transformational" wireless experience.The carrier will reportedly "grandfather" existing customers who are happy with their plans in order to let them keep the terms they want. Jul. 5, 2016, 3:44 PM | 19 Comments
Next phase of FCC spectrum auction likely to start mid-July
The FCC says it will reveal the names of bidders in the forward auction portion of the broadcast incentive spectrum auction, setting the start of the next phase likely in mid-July.There are about 100 parties eligible to bid and they have a payment due by 5 p.m. today, which will validate a final list. A 15-business-day period has to follow public notice of the bidders.The reverse auction concluded this week with the agency needing to raise $88B to cover $86.4B in payments to broadcasters, a sum that could mean changes to the process (including multiple rounds) as the FCC works to scare it up.Spectrum players: VZ, T, TMUS, S, DISH, SBGI, EVC, CMCSA, CHTR, NXST, CBS, MEG Jul. 1, 2016, 3:33 PM | 30 Comments
FCC: Airwaves in broadcast incentive auction at $86.4B
The FCC has set the cost of the spectrum being sold in the broadcast spectrum incentive auction at a whopping $86.4B -- a sum that wireless carriers may balk at.That means that the FCC might have to sell less spectrum than had been expected, or use multiple rounds to settle bidding by broadcasters.The current stage is the reverse auction, where broadcasters bid low to give up their low-band airwaves to the FCC -- and participation has been strong from broadcasters who might have "significantly inflated expectations," says analyst Roger Entner. That's to be followed by a forward auction round of bidding by carriers.A second round of reverse auction with the broadcasters may be needed, which could slow the entire process into 2017.Spectrum players: VZ, T, TMUS, S, DISH, SBGI, EVC, CMCSA, CHTR, NXST, CBS, MEG Jun. 29, 2016, 7:45 PM | 38 Comments
Three lunchtime reads
Investing in Oil Stocks vs. Oil Companies: What's the Difference?Janus Launches Obesity ETF5G vs. 4G: 4 Things Investors Should Know Before 2020
Jun. 29, 2016, 12:30 PM | 11 Comments
Reports: Verizon shopping bonds backed by equipment installment loans
In a first, Verizon (NYSE:VZ) is said to be looking to raise a securitization backed by mobile device payment contracts.The company is starting a roadshow to sell the transaction, valued at $1.17B -- reportedly $1B rated at triple-AAA, an $84.5M tier at double-AA and another $84.5M tier at single-AA.It would be the first such bonds sold publicly to U.S. investors; similar deals have happened elsewhere and through private transactions, the Financial Times says. Jun. 28, 2016, 9:00 PM | 19 Comments
Brexit kills the value trade, buy 'Stable Growers' - RBC
The outperformance of low-P/E stocks that marked H1 is behind us, says RBC's Jonathan Golub, and it's time for the "Stable Growers" to re-asset leadership. He cautions about putting money to work too quickly though, noting the pullback so far has been limited.His list of Stable Growers (page 1, page 2): CHD, CL, CVS, K, MO, PEP, PG, PM, BCR, BDX, DGX, DVA, HSIC, JNJ, LH, MDT, SYK, TMO, UNH, ZBH, AFL, AON, MMC, TMK, CTAS, DHR, HON, ITW, LMT, MMM, NLSN, RSG, RTN, UPS, VRSK, WM, XYL, CMCSA, MCD, OMC, ADP, APH, EMC, MA, T, VZ, ECL, PX Jun. 27, 2016, 11:16 AM | 83 Comments
Unions ratify Verizon labor contract
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) says the Communications Workers of America and International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers Unions ratified a new labor contract, which will take effect immediately and run through August 2019.The new contract, which covers ~36K employees primarily in VZ's wireline business, confirms the tentative deal reached last month that included 1,400 new jobs and pay raises topping 10%.Employees walked off the job on April 13 after contract talks hit an impasse and returned on June 1 after the tentative deal was reached. Jun. 17, 2016, 4:56 PM | 25 Comments
Verizon prepares for contract ratification vote
The unions representing nearly 40K Verizon (NYSE:VZ) landline workers are expected to ratify a tentative contract today, finalizing a deal last month that ended a drawn-out labor dispute.The parties are anticipating high turnover in favor of the contract amid better gains as compared to management's previous proposal.Verizon workers went back to work on June 1 following a strike that lasted over seven weeks. Jun. 17, 2016, 5:07 AM | 32 Comments
Fortune: AT&T, Verizon, and two others are still in the running to buy Yahoo
Following second-round bids, AT&T (T +0.3%), Verizon (VZ +0.4%), P-E firm TPG, and a group led by Quicken Loans founder/Cleveland Cavaliers owner Dan Gilbert remain in the running to buy Yahoo's (YHOO +2.2%) core assets, a source tells Fortune's Dan Primack. A joint bid from P-E firms Bain and Vista Equity reportedly didn't make the cut."Price talk" is said to be in the $4B-$5B range. "I think AT&T is just trying to drive the price up on Verizon," Primack also reports hearing from a source.Bloomberg reported last week AT&T and Gilbert each bid ~$5B for Yahoo's core business, patents, and real estate. Re/code reported Verizon bid ~$3B-$3.5B for just the core business.Yahoo is trading higher, but that's the result of Alibaba (up 3.1%) rallying after providing a strong sales forecast. Jun. 14, 2016, 2:21 PM | 46 Comments
Appeals court upholds the FCC's net neutrality rules
16 months after the FCC voted 3-2 to impose tough net neutrality rules through its Open Internet order, a federal appeals court has upheld the ruling.The lawsuit challenged the FCC's ability to classify Internet providers as common carriers under Title II regulations, as well as to govern wired and wireless services via the same rules.The FCC's rules prohibit the blocking of legal content, the throttling of legal traffic based on content type, and the creation of "fast lanes" for certain types of content. The rules exclude services such as T-Mobile's BingeOn and Verizon's Go90, which don't count against a user's mobile data cap.Shares of major U.S. ISPs haven't moved much (if at all) in response to the ruling.The full ruling (.pdf)U.S. ISPs/carriers: VZ, T, CMCSA, CVC, S, TMUS, WIN, CTL, FTR Jun. 14, 2016, 10:46 AM | 21 Comments
Reports: AT&T bid ~$5B for Yahoo, lower Verizon bid excludes patents/real estate
Bloomberg reports AT&T (T +0.6%) and a group led by Quicken Loans founder/Cleveland Cavaliers owner Dan Gilbert (backed by Warren Buffett) each submitted a ~$5B second-round bid for Yahoo's (YHOO -1.4%) core business, patents, and real estate.Separately, a day after CNBC reported Verizon (VZ +1.4%) made a ~$3.5B second-round bid, Re/code reports Big Red made an offer valued between $3B and $3.5B, depending on "how employee compensation commitments are treated." However, Verizon's bid excludes Yahoo's patents and real estate.When adjusted for the absence of patents/real estate, Verizon's bid might be competitive with the others. Re/code observes Yahoo respectively values its patents and real estate at $3B and $1B, while adding others assign much lower values to each (~$1B for the patents).Yahoo slipped today amid a 2.1% drop for Alibaba, and a 1.3% drop for the Nasdaq.
Jun. 10, 2016, 4:08 PM | 36 Comments
Three lunchtime reads
AT&T Jostles to Steal Yahoo! From Verizon5 Popular Europe ETFs in 2016Valeant's Positive Aspects Overlooked: Analyst
Jun. 10, 2016, 12:30 PM | 8 Comments
CNBC: Bids above $5B for Yahoo's core business
CNBC's David Faber reports Yahoo (YHOO +1.1%) as having received multiple bids above $5B for its core business. That would place Verizon (VZ flat) - which is reported to have offered in the area of $3.5B - among the lower end of bidders.
Jun. 9, 2016, 9:48 AM | 70 Comments
Verizon strike to weigh on Q2 earnings
Speaking at a BofA Merrill Lynch conference, Verizon (NYSE:VZ) CFO Fran Shammo said the recently resolved seven-week labor strike is expected to impact the company's Q2 bottom line to the tune of $0.05-$0.07 per share.The costs are coming from overtime paid to management employees, hiring contract workers and a decrease in new business installations.Full-year financial results may also get hit.
Jun. 9, 2016, 2:29 AM | 12 Comments
WSJ: Verizon to bid $3B for Yahoo's web assets
According to a new report in the WSJ, Verizon (NYSE:VZ) on Monday planned to submit a second-round offer of about $3B for Yahoo's (NASDAQ:YHOO) core internet business.Private-equity firm TPG was also expected to submit another bid for the assets before yesterday's deadline.Yahoo is projected to hold at least one more cycle of bidding, and the offers could change by the final round. Jun. 7, 2016, 2:23 AM | 43 Comments
Report: Twitter met with Yahoo to talk combination
Adding to the more colorful side of the stories about potential Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO) bidders: Twitter (NYSE:TWTR) met with a management team led by Yahoo chief Marissa Mayer weeks ago to discuss a possible merger, the New York Post reports tonight.But though the teams talked for several hours, it looks to have been just an informational tire-kicking, as Twitter reportedly got out of the bidding process afterward.Indeed, Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey didn't show up for the confab, and that company has enough on its plate, a source said: “They’re very scared their shareholders would be outraged ... which is not, quite frankly, an unfounded fear.”Bids are coming in for the second round in Yahoo's auction of core assets, with Verizon (NYSE:VZ) still widely believed to be a front-runner.Previously: SunTrust's Peck: Three pricing scenarios for Yahoo bids (Jun. 01 2016) Jun. 2, 2016, 10:17 PM | 55 Comments
Verizon Communications declares $0.565 dividend
Verizon Communications (NYSE:VZ) declares $0.565/share quarterly dividend, in line with previous.Forward yield 4.47%Payable Aug. 1; for shareholders of record July 8; ex-div July 8. Jun. 2, 2016, 11:44 AM | 15 Comments
Verizon, unions outline details of tentative deal
Nearly 40K striking Verizon (NYSE:VZ) employees will return to work on Wednesday after reaching a tentative contract agreement that includes 1,300 new call center jobs, nearly 11% in raises over four years and the first contract for Verizon Wireless workers.The pact, announced by the Communications Workers of America union, stands to end a six-and-a-half-week work stoppage and one of the longest U.S. strikes in recent years.Previously: Verizon, unions come to terms on new four-year deal (May. 27 2016) May 30, 2016, 11:37 AM | 81 Comments
Verizon, unions come to terms on new four-year deal
Just in time for a day off, Verizon (NYSE:VZ) wireline strikers may be headed back to work. Shares are headed back up, now +1.1%, as the U.S. Labor Secretary says the company and unions have a deal in principle on a new four-year contract.The workers will "be back on the job next week," says Labor Secretary Thomas Perez in announcing a deal that resolves the open issues in the dispute."Throughout the past 13 days of negotiations at the Department of Labor, I have observed firsthand the parties’ good faith commitment to narrowing differences and forging an agreement that helps workers and the company," Perez said in his statement.The two sides are reducing the agreement to writing, after which it will be submitted to CWA and IBEW members for ratification. May 27, 2016, 1:36 PM | 55 Comments
Reuters: Verizon hires i-bank that advised Yahoo last year
Verizon (VZ +0.6%) is getting a leg up on competing bidders for the core assets of Yahoo (YHOO +3.3%) -- by hiring an investment bank who was one of Yahoo's top advisers last year, Reuters reports.The telecom has reportedly added Bank of America to its team -- which would offer not only intimate knowledge of Yahoo, but also a big balance sheet in case of financing help. Yahoo's other investment banks (Guggenheim, LionTree, Allen & Co.) are boutiques with limited ability to fund the deal.BofA was lead adviser last year when Yahoo explored spinning off its stake in Alibaba, a plan it later abandoned.While Verizon's prepared to buy all the core assets, sources said, it's mainly (and unsurprisingly) interested in the ad-tech tools, and perhaps things that can be combined with corresponding businesses at AOL. May 26, 2016, 8:33 PM | 21 Comments
Bloomberg: AT&T involved in Yahoo bidding
In a surprise revelation, AT&T (NYSE:T) made a bid for Yahoo (YHOO -2.1%) and is still in the running for the core Internet business, Bloomberg reports.They were out of the offing according to earlier reports. But they kept involved in the process through a stake in YP Holdings -- which was involved in the early round in April -- and while YP isn't pursuing the transaction any longer, AT&T is still around.The interest from the telecom giant would present a formidable challenge for presumed frontrunner Verizon (NYSE:VZ). But Verizon didn't submit one of the highest first-round bids, a pair of the sources said.The process has another week or likely more time to play out. May 25, 2016, 11:12 AM | 65 Comments
Verizon CEO warns strike may impact Q2 results
The ongoing strike by Verizon's (NYSE:VZ) 40K union employees could pressure second-quarter results, Chief Executive Lowell McAdam warned at a technology conference in Boston.A key part of the negotiations is work rules. The company wants more flexibility to relocate workers and redirect call center traffic, while the unions are pushing for job security provisions.Verizon is expected to report Q2 results on July 26. May 25, 2016, 2:27 AM | 68 Comments
Verizon's McAdam on Go90: 'Over-hyped' but work continues
Verizon (VZ +0.9%) chief Lowell McAdam did his part to lower expectations for the company's Go90 mobile video service today, saying “I think maybe it did get a little over-hyped, and I’m sure we contributed to that to a certain extent."But “We have seen enough success to make us excited about continuing to work it. We’re on pace,” he said at a conference. The company hasn't said how many subscribers it's garnered for the youth-focused service.Earlier this spring, UBS looked at app store downloads (Go90 around No. 300 in iTunes apps and No. 20 ranked against entertainment apps) to guess that the service was off to a slow start. May 24, 2016, 7:06 PM | 6 Comments
Wells Fargo cuts estimates for strike-hit Verizon
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) says it's well set up to handle its wireline customers, amid a strike by nearly 40,000 workers that's now in its sixth week -- but Wells Fargo sees struggles ahead, lowering estimates on the telecom.The firm is cutting its forecast for wireline revenues by $343M in Q2, and by a whopping $826M for 2016, along with lowering margin estimates on the wireline operations.Strikers are almost all wireline workers, and the wireless workers aren't unionized, but "the strike has become a distraction to its wireless operations," says analyst Jennifer Fritzsche. "VZ has been less promotional with its wireless offerings in Q2, and recent checks have shown some unfavorable (customer-switching) trends."The two sides are talking again, with federal help, but “management recently indicated that install and order activity for FiOS has ‘significantly dropped’ as employees have been primarily focused on repair and maintenance."Since the strike began April 13, shares are down 4.5%.Now read Verizon Dividends Help Protect A Portfolio During Market Inflection Point » May 20, 2016, 3:00 PM | 95 Comments
CNBC: Report on lowball Yahoo bids 'completely wrong'; YHOO -2.4%
Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO) is down 2.4% (better than the 6% decline it was tracking premarket) after last night's report that bids for the Internet pioneer's core business are coming in lighter than expected, at $2B-$3B.CNBC's David Faber says sources are calling that report "completely wrong," noting that such a bid would be lower than the lowest of the bids seen in the first round of bidding. "Nobody has seen numbers of that type" in what has been a "fairly robust auction" at this point, Faber says."Could it be perhaps that Verizon (NYSE:VZ) would love to have it out there, the idea that it's coming in lower so that it conceivably could game the situation?" Faber asks. "I don't know."The core business has more than $600M in EBITDA, including the losing parts, which would make for a very low multiple at $2B-$3B, he notes.Now read Yahoo's Sale Could Still Derail » May 20, 2016, 9:57 AM | 33 Comments
WSJ: Bids for Yahoo core more likely lower, at $2B-$3B
With just a couple of weeks before the next round of bids is due for the core assets of Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO), offers are expected in the range of $2B-$3B, The Wall Street Journal reports -- lower than a $4B-$8B range that had become conventional wisdom over the past couple of months.Verizon (NYSE:VZ) is still considered a front-runner, and it and private-equity rivals are expected to start in the low end of that range, sources told the WSJ. Still unclear, though, is exactly which assets those bids would cover. Bids might vary considerably from each other in structure.Access to a Yahoo "data room" by bidders -- and the more detailed look at Yahoo's struggles that provides -- may be dampening hopes that Yahoo had for higher bids (at one point, for $10B for the core Internet business).Now read Revisiting My Yahoo Investment: A Declining Search Business » May 19, 2016, 11:14 PM | 40 Comments
Verizon, striking unions continue talks
While Verizon (NYSE:VZ) and representatives from two striking unions continue their contract discussions this week with help from the Department of Labor, the groups will not make any public statements, nor will there be comments from federal officials."I'm encouraged by the parties' continued commitment to remain at the bargaining table," Labor Secretary Thomas Perez said. "We will continue to facilitate conversations to help the unions and the company reach an agreement."Previously: Verizon, unions to return to the bargaining table (May. 16 2016) May 18, 2016, 2:30 AM | 35 Comments
Verizon, unions to return to the bargaining table
Following a meeting with the U.S. Labor Secretary Thomas Perez, Verizon (NYSE:VZ) management and the unions representing the company's 39K East Coast workers on strike have agreed to resume negotiations tomorrow.The employees walked out on April 13, after having failed to reach an agreement on a new labor contract over issues including healthcare, moving positions offshore, and temporary job relocations. May 16, 2016, 5:28 AM | 54 Comments
Verizon, ESPN settle lawsuit over skinny FiOS bundling
A 2015 breach of contract suit filed by ESPN (DIS +0.7%) against Verizon (VZ +0.9%) has been settled after a few months of negotiations.Terms of the settlement are confidential. The companies issued a terse statement looking forward to continuing to work together.ESPN sued in April 2015 after Verizon introduced a new "skinny" FiOS plan that gave its customers the chance to picks a small set of customized channels, but pushed ESPN into a separately purchased tier.Meanwhile, yet another Disney earnings report (set for after the bell today) will have investor eyes on ESPN performance, the stock's primary headwind since a disappointment last summer in subscribers and corresponding affiliate fees.Now read Hedging Disney Ahead Of Earnings » May 10, 2016, 11:42 AM | 6 Comments
Verizon meeting: Shareholder proposals lose, protesters arrested
A more contentious than usual Verizon (NYSE:VZ) annual meeting in Albuquerque ended with union-backed shareholder proposals going down to defeat.The company's 13 directors were all re-elected, and Chairman/CEO Lowell McAdam got more than 95% of the vote. Executive compensation passed with 92% approval.A CWA-backed proposal requiring an independent chairman, supported by CalPERS and CalSTRS, drew just 23.5% approval. A proposal to expand severance approval policy got just 31.3% of votes and went down for the fourth straight year.Meanwhile, a proposal backed by the IBEW regarding executive stock retention got just 7.4% approval.More than dozen protesters (including strikers and supporters) were arrested outside the meeting after blocking traffic on a busy street.Previously: Verizon strikers prepare protests nationwide (May. 05 2016)Previously: Union opening up $400M fund for Verizon workers as strike drags on (May. 03 2016)Now read Verizon Is Undervalued » May 5, 2016, 12:39 PM | 83 Comments
Verizon strikers prepare protests nationwide
Striking Verizon (NYSE:VZ) workers and their supporters are holding a day of protest today. There will be over 400 actions throughout the country as the work stoppage enters its fourth week.Employees will also crash the company's shareholder meeting in New Mexico, where the Communication Workers of America union (which holds an estimated $1.3B in company stock) will fight in favor of proposals to improve corporate governance and accountability. May 5, 2016, 6:32 AM | 64 Comments
Dish Network presses FCC to reject Verizon-XO dealings
Dish Network (DISH -2.9%) has filed a lengthy brief with the FCC asking it to deny approval for Verizon's (VZ +0.2%) $1.8B purchase of XO Communications's fiber-optic business as well as related moves.Verizon also leased XO's wireless spectrum (via XO unit Nextlink Wireless) with a purchase option. The moves would give Verizon near-exclusive control of 5G spectrum, Dish Network argues.That would hinder competition overall in the 5G market, as well as current/future competition between Verizon and XO in fiber/wireless mobile backhaul, Internet transit, and enterprise and wholesale markets.Verizon structuring the deal as a transfer lease avoided some scrutiny, Dish says, but the spectrum is the key to the deal.Now read Verizon Is Undervalued » May 4, 2016, 3:18 PM | 3 Comments
Union opening up $400M fund for Verizon workers as strike drags on
Verizon (VZ -1.4%) wireline workers headed toward the start of week four of a strike will start getting paid from a $400M union fund, as both sides look no closer to agreement.“We think the strike is quite strong and the people are not crossing the lines and we have not seen anything that resembles concerns by members about going back to work,” says the CWA's George Kohl.Meanwhile, ahead of the company's annual meeting this Friday, the CWA is pushing a set of shareholder proposals aimed at improving corporate governance. A proposal to require that the chairman be an independent director has the support of CalPERS and CalSTRS, and one to require shareholder approval of golden parachutes over a certain size has their support and that of Institutional Shareholder Services as well.The IBEW has proposed that executives be required to retain 75% of the shares they get as compensation, a proposal backed by CalPERS, it says.Nearly 40,000 East Coast workers walked off the job three weeks ago. Last week Verizon said it would add "thousands" of temporary workers to help fill the gap, and today it says more than 20,000 employees and contractors have filled thousands of new orders since the strike began.Now read Verizon Is Undervalued » May 3, 2016, 3:26 PM | 32 Comments
WisdomTree LargeCap Dividend ETF (DLN) April Summary
April monthly performance was: +0.42% AUM of $143B$0.19 in dividends were paid in AprilTop 10 Holdings as of 3/31/2016: Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM): 3.51%, AT&T Inc (T): 3.5%, Microsoft Corp (MSFT): 3.01%, Apple Inc (AAPL): 2.86%, Verizon Communications Inc (VZ): 2.85%, General Electric Co (GE): 2.34%, Chevron Corp (CVX): 2.27%, Johnson & Johnson (JNJ): 2.27%, Procter & Gamble Co (PG): 1.95%, Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT): 1.85% May 2, 2016, 7:55 AM | 1 Comment
Verizon deploying 'thousands' of strike replacements
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) said it's deploying "thousands" in extra personnel, as a strike of nearly 40,000 wireline workers drags on in its third week with few signs of resolution.Some employees are on special assignment and others are coming out of Verizon's technical training in Virginia.The striking unions, meanwhile, have accused Verizon of creating safety risks with its replacement workers, including improper installations of phone poles.The replacement workforce (which Verizon says is supplemented by 1,000 strikers who returned to work) have "successfully resolved tens of thousands of repair dispatches, tens of thousands of inquiries in our customer service centers and have fulfilled thousands of new FiOS orders." New auomated technologies are helping, it added.Yesterday, the company made a "last, best and final offer" to leaders of the CWA and IBEW, but union leaders responded that the company needed to "get serious about negotiations."Since the strike began April 13, Verizon stock has declined 1.9% (a period that also included a Q1 revenue miss last week).Now read Verizon Communication: Revenue Dented By Fewer Smartphone Upgrades » Apr. 29, 2016, 8:05 PM | 124 Comments
Verizon makes 'final' offer to striking workers
With a wireline strike now over two weeks old, Verizon (VZ -1.3%) says it's made its "last, best and final offer" to union leaders.The company's increased its wage offer to 7.5% over the term of the contract, and says it's offering "continued access to high quality healthcare at an affordable cost and generous retirement benefits.""A better offer would be hard to find," says Chief Administrative Officer Marc Reed of the terms presented to leaders of the CWA and IBEW, representing nearly 40,000 wireline workers on the East Coast.Along with a 7.5% wage increase, the company says employees with layoff protection will retain that, "provided the company gets increased flexibility in managing and deploying the workforce, through measures such as voluntary retirement incentive offers and other workforce flexibility changes."It also says it's continuing a "generous" 401(k) match and increases in contributions to healthcare plans.More than 1,000 union-represented employees have returned to work, it says.Updated 4:59 p.m.: Dennis Trainor and Ed Mooney of CWA say the company is refusing to back off "callous proposals that would hurt working families and destroy middle class jobs, including shipping jobs overseas and outsourcing work." Workers need the company to "get serious about negotiations and building a stronger company," they said in a statement. Apr. 28, 2016, 3:41 PM | 68 Comments
Dish Network +1.7%, added to Citi's focus list on spectrum value
Dish Network (NASDAQ:DISH) is up 1.7%, added to Citi's focus list on the firm's belief that the end of a government airwaves auction means negotiations with Verizon (NYSE:VZ) over spectrum could get going.The satellite broadcaster bid a gross $13.3B in the January 2015 AWS-3 spectrum auction, and it's built up some 77 MHz in spectrum along the way, Citi figures -- but with no wireless partner to help exploit it.The current broadcast incentive auction should back up the value of Dish's hoard, analyst Jason Bazinet says -- and the company is more likely to sell it than to start building out a network. “Our target price values (Dish’s) spectrum at $36 billion, or roughly $1.78 per MHz-pop, less than the $2.09 per MHz-pop we believe Verizon would be willing to pay,” Bazinet says.Now read DISH Network - No Value In Spectrum Anymore? » Apr. 25, 2016, 11:57 AM
Bloomberg: Yahoo narrowing more than 10 offers from $4B-$8B
Yahoo (YHOO -0.5%) and advisers are set to spend the weekend narrowing down more than 10 first-round bids for its core business, ranging from $4B-$8B, Bloomberg reports -- with an eye to moving forward as soon as next week.They'll aim for about seven finalists and plan to offer them increased access to internal docs and management.The higher-end bids reportedly came from bidders who haven't spent as much time with Yahoo, which should lead to more scrutiny into the structure of the offers.In addition to the known bidders (that hadn't denied reports) -- Verizon (VZ +1%), YP Holdings, TPG, and Bain/Vista Equity Partners -- one or two other strategic firms were involved.Echoing earlier reports, SoftBank (OTCPK:SFTBY +3.4%) isn't in the bidding but is likely eager to talk with anyone who also wants the Yahoo Japan stake.Despite the progress, a final decision is likely at least a month away.Now read Yahoo Sale Could Reboot Online Ad Competition » Apr. 22, 2016, 7:14 PM | 71 Comments
Verizon -2.4% as revenues miss amid seasonal weakness
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) is 2.4% lower premarket after eking out in-line profits in the seasonally weak Q1, though revenues fell short.EBITDA was $10.2B, up 1.7%.Revenue by segment: Service revenues and other, $28.2B (down 1.4%); Wireless equipment, $3.95B (up 17.2%).Wireless showed 640,000 net additions in retail postpaid (churn of 0.96%, improved Y/Y by 7 basis points). Of that, 452,000 were 4G smartphones. The company says about 92% of total data traffic is on its LTE network (that traffic up 50% Y/Y).Postpaid phone net adds were -8,000, though, due to declines in 3G/basic phones; tablet net adds were 507,000. While in wirelines, net FiOS video adds were 36,000 and net Internet adds were 98,000.The company isn't reporting average revenue per account. And it says while it expects full-year earnings to be comparable to last year, "given the status of labor contract negotiations, there will be pressure" on Q2 earnings due to timing cost reductions.Now read Verizon Flexing Its Income Might » Apr. 21, 2016, 9:21 AM | 15 Comments
Verizon EPS in-line, misses on revenue
Verizon (NYSE:VZ): Q1 EPS of $1.06 in-line.Revenue of $32.17B (+0.6% Y/Y) misses by $320M. Apr. 21, 2016, 7:28 AM | 5 Comments
Notable earnings before Thursday’s open
ADS, ALK, AZZ, BANC, BBT, BHE, BIIB, BK, BX, CFG, CLS, COL, DAN, DGX, DHI, DHR, DOV, DST, ERIC, FAF, FCS, FITB, GM, GMT, HOMB, IMAX, JAKK, JCI, KCG, KEY, LAD, LAZ, LUV, MAN, MDSO, MDWD, NUE, NVR, NVS, PBCT, PHM, PII, POOL, PPG, PVTB, RS, SHW, SILC, SNA, SON, STC, SWK, SYNT, TCB, TRV, UA, UNP, USG, UTEK, VZ Apr. 20, 2016, 5:30 PM | 13 Comments
Pac Crest trims estimates on T, VZ as survey shows phone upgrades slowing
Pacific Crest has lowered estimates for AT&T (T -0.6%) and Verizon (VZ -0.7%), after their survey shows phone upgrade rates getting lower and hitting "air pockets" as cycles lengthen."We believe the shadow of the iPhone 6 cycle and the relatively uncompelling iPhone 6s are contributing to low current upgrade rates, particularly at AT&T," they write -- though that could change with a compelling new iPhone.The effect is a near-term loss that could become a long-term gain, the analysts say, as purchasing devices is one of the carriers' biggest costs. That might result in a different business model, with lower equipment cost and SG&A, and higher adjusted EBITDA margins.The firm has trimmed its expectation for AT&T's next-quarter revenue to $41.3B from $41.8B, and for EPS to $0.73 from $0.74. For Verizon, it's lowering next-quarter revenue forecasts to $32.1B from $32.7B, but bumping EPS expectations to $1.05 from $1.04.A pickup in estimates could yet arrive for those two firms in Q4, they say.Digital Media analyst Andy Hargreaves ranks No. 85 out of 3,895 analysts on TipRanks, while comms services analyst Michael Bowen ranks No. 2,849.Now read Thinking Of Selling AT&T? Read This First » Apr. 20, 2016, 3:48 PM | 11 Comments
Verizon turns to shadow workforce amid strike
With the Verizon (NYSE:VZ) strike going on for more than a week, who's filling in for the company's 40,000 wireline employees?A shadow workforce of managers, accountants, programmers and nonunion staffers is said to be substituting for technicians, repairmen and call center workers.Some of these temps have flown into the Northeast to work. Most are working 12-hour shifts until the strike ends. Apr. 20, 2016, 3:31 AM | 38 Comments
Reuters: Yahoo shortlist has Verizon, YP, Rakuten, private equity
Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO) didn't say anything about its sales process during its Q1 earnings webcast, and swore off giving any updates along the way.But speculation about the shortlist is mostly on the mark, according to the latest from Reuters, which says Verizon's (NYSE:VZ) there (with help from Guggenheim, LionTree, Allen & Co.), along with Yellow Pages owner YP -- which has backing from AT&T (NYSE:T) on the bid, sources said.Japanese online retailer Rakuten (OTCPK:RKUNY) is a new name that's kicking tires as well. Among private equity, Apax Partners, TPG, Bain Capital, Apollo Global Management (NYSE:APO) and Warburg Pincus are all accounted for, and may be allowed to team up in round 2.No two offers were identical, sources said, so Yahoo now must look at the structures, assets and offers to sort out value -- hopefully in time to wrap up in June.SoftBank (OTCPK:SFTBY) and Alibaba (NYSE:BABA) aren't taking part -- but they could get involved with the company after the fate of its core assets is settled.YHOO wrapped an after-hours session up 1.1%.Now read Yahoo: Who's Ready To Take On A Legacy Digital-Native Media Turnaround? » Apr. 19, 2016, 8:39 PM | 32 Comments
Verizon confirms it and Hearst buying all of Complex Media
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) has confirmed that its joint venture with Hearst, Verizon Hearst Media Partners, is acquiring Complex Media in its entirety.Terms of the deal weren't disclosed, though The Wall Street Journal had reported that the venture was close to investing $250M-$300M in Complex.Complex CEO and co-founder Rich Antoniello will continue to run the operation, which has been profitable since 2010.It's a "continuation of our media strategy, which is focused on disruption that is occurring in digital media and content distribution, and involves building a portfolio of the emerging digital brands of the future for the millennial and Gen-Z audience," says Verizon's Brian Angiolet.Formerly print-heavier Complex has in the past two years taken on a video-first approach, drawing more than 50M unique monthly visitors and 300M monthly views.The two expect the deal to close in the next 60 days.Verizon shares had gained 0.7% today; they're down 0.1% after hours.Now read Yahoo's Marissa Mayer Pays Herself » Apr. 18, 2016, 6:33 PM | 4 Comments
WSJ: Verizon Hearst venture nears $250M investment in Complex Media
Verizon (VZ +0.7%) and Hearst are taking their joint venture shopping as they near a $250M-plus investment to acquire publisher Complex Media, The Wall Street Journal reports.After beginning talks in January, the two companies came together in Verizon Hearst Media Partners at the beginning of March. The 50/50 venture focused on drawing millennials to Verizon's video efforts.The first two channels out of the gate for the team-up were RatedRed.com -- its "Vice for the red states" -- and Seriously.TV, a comedy channel with a current events focus.Complex seems a fit with those, with its pop culture focus toward young males.The deal seems close to a full buyout and would value Complex at $250M-$300M.Now read Yahoo's Marissa Mayer Pays Herself » Apr. 18, 2016, 5:15 PM | 1 Comment
Yahoo bid deadline: Time Inc. and others out, clearing Verizon's path
With tomorrow's deadline arriving for bidders for core assets of Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO), the long-shot bid of Time Inc. (NYSE:TIME) won't be among them, as the company decided fixing the business was too big a task, The Wall Street Journal reports. (It would have also faced severe leveraging trying to swallow the business.)With a number of bidders bowing out as expected, Verizon (NYSE:VZ) is indeed a front-runner among the few firms moving forward. Aligning somewhat with a number of other media reports (and rumors), now bowing out for sure are Alphabet (GOOG, GOOGL), Comcast (NASDAQ:CMCSA), AT&T (NYSE:T) and IAC/InteractiveCorp (NASDAQ:IAC), the Journal says.It appears Verizon's biggest competition may come from private equity (Bain Capital, TPG, Advent International), reinforcing the strength of Verizon's bid. It was unclear whether KKR would stay in the bidding, and the Daily Mail (OTCPK:DMTGY) may still be in, but with P-E help.Now read Why Verizon Is The Clear Front-Runner To Buy Yahoo » Apr. 17, 2016, 8:56 PM | 47 Comments
Verizon and SoftBank are facing off to buy Yahoo
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) is considered the front-runner in the bid to buy Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO), and appears to have backing from key investors who like the idea of a simple cash deal.AOL CEO Tim Armstrong is said to be offering Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer a graceful exit and is willing to deal with the messy business of Yahoo mass firings. However, he may lack support to offer enough money to seal the deal.Verizon wants Yahoo's core business. Armstrong also wants Yahoo's 35.5% stake in Yahoo Japan.Meanwhile, SoftBank president Nikesh Arora would seek to acquire the whole of Yahoo. He is currently hanging back to gauge what Verizon’s offer is before he makes a move, sources say.While there will be other bidders, the only real competition is between Verizon and SoftBank.Yahoo has set an April 18 deadline for preliminary bids.Now read How My Arbitrage Play Returned More Than 35% In Less Than Two Months (And What's Next) Apr. 14, 2016, 5:39 AM | 34 Comments
Verizon chief McAdam fires back as Sanders visits picket line
With nearly 40,000 Verizon (VZ -1.4%) workers on strike as of this morning, presidential candidate Bernie Sanders drew cheers with a visit to a Brooklyn picket line -- which drew an online rebuke from CEO Lowell McAdam.Sanders thanked strikers for standing up to "just another major American corporation trying to destroy the lives of working Americans." But McAdam showed frustration with what he called "uninformed views."McAdam took issue with Sanders' claims that Verizon wants to "avoid paying federal income taxes," saying "As our financial statements clearly show, we've paid more than $15.6 billion in taxes over the last two years — that's a 35% tax rate in 2015, for anyone who's counting."The industry is changing and Verizon is trying to adapt, McAdam wrote: "Contrary to Sen. Sanders's contention, our proposals do not call for mass layoffs or shipping jobs overseas. Rather, we've asked for more flexibility in routing calls and consolidating some of our call centers, some of which employ a handful of people."Verizon shares have declined from today's open despite an all-day up market.Now read Wall Street Breakfast: Verizon Gets Hit With Major East Coast Strike » Apr. 13, 2016, 2:27 PM | 148 Comments
Verizon wireline workers to strike at 6 a.m.
With tensions still simmering, Verizon (NYSE:VZ) workers on the East Coast say they will walk off the job at 6 a.m. tomorrow.The strike, by nearly 40,000 wireline workers represented by the Communications Workers of America and the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers, will be the largest U.S. work stoppage in years.The unions say that despite record profits, Verizon has pushed for offshoring and outsourcing and has failed to meet network build-out obligations in New York and Philadelphia, as well as slow-playing FiOS in other cities along the Atlantic seaboard.Today, Verizon reiterated its strike readiness plans. "Let's make it clear -– we are ready for a strike," says Verizon's Bob Mudge. "Our primary goal is to ensure our customers can count on the critical communications services that they pay for and we provide. I want them to know that will happen."Workers have been working without a contract since an expiration last August.Now read Verizon Has No Clue » Apr. 12, 2016, 9:06 PM | 86 Comments
Unions set Wednesday deadline for wireline strike against Verizon
Wireline employees for Verizon (VZ -1%) have a strike deadline set for Wednesday after months of negotiations failed to bear fruit.Two unions (the Communications Workers of America and the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers) have set April 13 as a strike deadline as there's been no follow-up to contracts that expired last August. More than 39,000 represented Verizon workers on the East Coast are involved.A work stoppage would affect FiOS TV as well as telephone and broadband. The unions say Verizon has been cutting vital staff for years and plans to do more offshoring and cut job security.The company says it's ready to serve customers in any event and that it's committed to its negotiation objectives. "Verizon has been moving the bargaining process forward, but now union leaders would rather make strike threats than constructively engage at the bargaining table," says Chief Administrative Officer Marc Reed; "We do not take strike threats lightly," said Bob Mudge, president of Verizon's wireline network operations.Now read Verizon Has No Clue » Apr. 11, 2016, 2:29 PM | 30 Comments
Gabelli: Verizon pursuing Yahoo makes sense; he'd support
Mario Gabelli -- who owns shares of both Verizon (VZ +0.4%) and Yahoo (YHOO -0.3%) -- says he'd support a bid by Verizon for Yahoo's core Internet business."This is pretty simple. It's basically Investment Banking 101," he says of a deal where Verizon takes over Yahoo core assets and works out a deal with Masayoshi Son to sell off Yahoo Japan."The question is do you want to own Alibaba," Gabelli says -- a company with which he has "some issues" (corporate governance, not fundamentals). The deal can make sense particularly after Verizon took on AOL. "It's $6B -- and they wound up buying a spinoff from Time Warner, it'll fit in nicely with that."Meanwhile, in talking to sources, Re/code's Kara Swisher says Google, Twitter and Facebook are among the suitors unlikely to bid -- the "lookee-loos" of this particular yard sale.Several dozen companies have been named as interested parties, but Swisher says only a handful will be in the running. Google needn't have bothered after organically winning the search war, she writes, and there's little at Yahoo attractive to Facebook.Twitter was more serious, she says, but there's what one source calls a "nearly zero percent change of bidding," for reasons that include a Yahoo integration that would run counter to Twitter's mission to goose growth.Now read Goohoo? Google Bids On Yahoo! » Apr. 8, 2016, 7:20 PM | 29 Comments
Bloomberg: AOL's Armstrong would run Yahoo if Verizon acquires
If Verizon (NYSE:VZ) prevails with a bid for the core business (and Japan assets) at Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO), in an amount said to be less than $8B, Tim Armstrong of Verizon's AOL is liable to take charge of the Yahoo operation -- and Marissa Mayer is likely "gone," Bloomberg reports.Of course, a proxy fight is still looming with Starboard, so Mayer and the board could be ousted even if Yahoo holds on to the assets.Marni Walden, Verizon's executive VP, would assist Armstrong in running a combined Yahoo/AOL.A brief jump into positive ground has ended as Yahoo has given back the gains, now down 1.1%.Yesterday, Re/code reported that based on Yahoo's sale "book," the company's financial situation had become "increasingly dire," with revenue and earnings dropping 15% and 20% respectively.Now read Why Activists Succeed - And Why They Will Change Yahoo » Apr. 7, 2016, 3:25 PM | 22 Comments
Yahoo jumps on news Verizon moving ahead with bid; Google considering as well
Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO) shares have jumped into positive ground, now up 1.2%, on news that Verizon (NYSE:VZ) is proceeding with a bid for its core assets.Shares were down as much as 2.6% today.Alphabet unit Google (GOOG, GOOGL) is also weighing its own bid, Bloomberg reports, with interest also showing up from Bain Capital and TPG. Time Inc. (NYSE:TIME) is still out there as well.AT&T (NYSE:T) and Comcast (NASDAQ:CMCSA) are losing interest, Bloomberg also said, with Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) also deciding it wouldn't bid.Verizon might also put in for Yahoo's Japan interests, the report said.Updated 3:06 p.m.: After a big spike into positive ground, Yahoo shares have gone negative again, -0.1%. Verizon is said to value the core business at less than $8B, vs. Yahoo's hopes for a $10B valuation, and has engaged three banks.Now read Yahoo Should Be At Least $48 A Share » Apr. 7, 2016, 2:58 PM | 30 Comments
Verizon becoming minority partner in DreamWorks Animation's AwesomenessTV
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) is buying into AwesomenessTV with a minority stake that promises a big mobile video push for the youth-focused content brand.DreamWorks Animation (NASDAQ:DWA) will remain the majority shareholder with 51% of AwesomenessTV, now valued at about $650M by Verizon's move. Verizon will take about a 24.5% stake, equivalent to other minority partner Hearst.It's not just an equity deal, as Verizon wants to bring its Go90 video-service experience to bear in helping AwesomenessTV build a "first of its kind" branded video service with premium transactional content. The new premium service will be exclusive to Verizon platforms in the U.S. with AwesomenessTV holding rights to sell its content elsewhere.AwesomenessTV's founder and CEO Brian Robbins will continue to lead the company along with President Brett Bouttier.The transaction should close within the next 60 days. Verizon is off 0.8% premarket.Now read Is It Time To Take Profits From Verizon Communications? » Apr. 6, 2016, 9:04 AM | 2 Comments
WisdomTree LargeCap Dividend ETF (DLN) March Summary
March monthly performance was: +6.82% AUM of $1.73B52-week performance vs. the S&P 500 is: 0% $0.18 in dividends were paid in MarchTop 10 Holdings as of 2/29/2016: Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM): 3.58%, AT&T Inc (T): 3.52%, Microsoft Corp (MSFT): 2.95%, Verizon Communications Inc (VZ): 2.84%, Apple Inc (AAPL): 2.7%, Johnson & Johnson (JNJ): 2.34%, General Electric Co (GE): 2.28%, Chevron Corp (CVX): 2.12%, Procter & Gamble Co (PG): 2.03%, Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT): 1.92% Apr. 4, 2016, 7:23 AM
Facebook backs off from its bid to stream NFL games, Verizon, Yahoo and Amazon still contenders
A month ago, Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) confirmed its interest in live-streaming the National Football League next season. Now it has withdrawn from the bidding, sources say.The key sticking point: Facebook wants its live videos to be commercial-free, and balked at the NFL’s traditional advertising model.The NFL commands a high price for live streaming: in the most recent deal, CBS and NBC each paid about $45M/game for five Thursday night games during the 2016 and 2017 seasons.Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg is reportedly obsessed with making Facebook's live-video service a success.The NFL continues to shop digital rights to its Thursday night games. Contenders include: Verizon (NYSE:VZ), Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO) and Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN).Now read Facebook's Oculus Rift: Not Just Games » Apr. 2, 2016, 4:00 PM | 39 Comments
Amid mobile headwinds, MoffettNathanson downgrades Verizon, AT&T
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) and AT&T (NYSE:T) have done very well in the face of several challenging months in the mobile market -- which is why MoffettNathanson is downgrading both stocks.The firm reduced its rating on Verizon to Neutral from a previous Buy, and on AT&T to Sell from Neutral."In the early part of the year, Verizon and AT&T rose sharply even as the market sold off," analysts said, and the past six months have seem "an almost pitch-perfect backdrop" for telecoms with a strong dollar, falling rates and falling risk appetites.Over the past six months, Verizon has appreciated 25.7% and AT&T has gained 20%; over the same period, the S&P 500 is up 7.8%.But device sales are slowing overall, and changes to equipment installment plans and leasing are resulting in stabilizing ARPUs, making the higher ratings unsupportable, the firm says.Verizon looks more promising than AT&T as its subscriber base has held up without aggressive price cutting, and mobile video strategy is going well, while at AT&T, "real growth metrics are much weaker than they appear on the surface."Now read Buy AT&T On Any Fed-Fueled Funk » Apr. 1, 2016, 7:12 PM | 46 Comments
Verizon, Frontier close on $10.5B wireline operation sale
Verizon (VZ -0.7%) and Frontier Communications (FTR -2.2%) say they've closed on the $10.5B sale of Verizon's local wireline assets in California, Florida and Texas to Frontier.The operations include broadband, video, voice and FiOS operations in those states, but not Enterprise business or any Verizon Wireless operations.That covers about 3.3M voice connections, 2.1M broadband connections, and 1.2M FiOS video subs along with the local ILEC businesses.Frontier is taking on 9,400 employees from Verizon in the process, and Verizon will use proceeds to pay down debt (it had launched the process after bidding $10.4B in the AWS-3 FCC spectrum auction in early 2015).Now read Verizon Looks Too Frothy And Writing Calls May Be Best Way To Make Income » Apr. 1, 2016, 12:30 PM | 19 Comments
Netflix limiting video quality on AT&T, Verizon, other mobile networks
Amid chatter that AT&T (NYSE:T) and Verizon (NYSE:VZ) have throttled Netflix video quality down, Netflix itself has admitted for the first time that it's the one doing the limiting.Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX) says it restricts video quality on those two and on most carriers worldwide, in order to protect its customers from busting through their data caps -- which could be expensive, and discourage viewing more Netflix.The company is capping streams at 600 kbps -- well within speed capacities of most wireless networks -- in part because a two-hour movie in HD can consumer an entire month's data allowance. The company says it's working on its own "mobile data saver" to let consumers optimize Netflix against their available bandwidth.Netflix doesn't throttle videos at T-Mobile (NASDAQ:TMUS) and Sprint (NYSE:S), due to "more consumer-friendly policies" on data overages (i.e., lower speed rather than expensive charges). It was a comment from T-Mobile chief John Legere about lower-quality video at Verizon and AT&T that launched the discussion; and T-Mobile's "Binge On" offering exempts video from customers' data caps, but reduces its quality to 480p (promised "DVD or better" quality). Mar. 24, 2016, 6:49 PM | 103 Comments
Verizon shuttering TV apps for Xbox on low interest
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) says it's shutting down its FiOS TV apps for Xbox and for smart TVs -- due to a lack of customer interest, and also that the apps only supported some of the channels offered on its TV service.The company will keep supporting FiOS Mobile TV Everywhere app on smartphones and tablets after a March 31 shutdown of its authenticated live TV apps, as the FiOS Mobile app offers a mix of live and video on demand.Verizon's move marks the latest in a string of apps dropping support for at least the Xbox 360, including ESPN, Comcast, and AT&T U-verse. Mar. 21, 2016, 8:18 PM | 5 Comments
Verizon prices enlarged tender offer for waterfall notes
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) has announced price terms for its cash tender for waterfall debt, which drew a total price over the cap it had set.That was one of three tender offers it launched for up to $11.6B in debt earlier this month. The company planned to tender up to $4B for Waterfall notes issued by itself, Alltel, and GTE.Earlier, following early participation results, Verizon had increased the waterfall cap to an aggregate $5.5B purchase price.Of sixteen series of notes tendered, Verizon accepted all of 13 of them and some 70.9% prorated of the 14th. The top-priority series, of 8.95% notes due 2039, received $1,506.50 per $1,000 in total consideration. Mar. 21, 2016, 5:35 PM | 2 Comments
Moody's: FCC privacy plan likely harmful to broadband providers
The FCC's new Internet privacy plan, calling for broad consumer consent for data collection, is "credit negative" for broadband providers.Those companies could be "severely handicapped" in competition with advertising giants like Facebook and Google, which are notably left out of agency Chairman Tom Wheeler's proposal.The FCC plan calls for consumer consent on data collection and more disclosure of what's collected, along with more work to protect information and report data breaches when they happen. Meanwhile, Google, Facebook, Twitter and other sites would continue collecting data from visitors without consent."We believe this to be a long-term risk to the current TV advertising business model, as well as all broadband providers whom also have ad sales exposure," Moody's said.Related tickers: T, VZ, CMCSA, CHTR, TWC, CVC Mar. 15, 2016, 12:21 PM | 4 Comments
Verizon signs direct connection agreement with Cuba
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) has expanded on last fall's offer of roaming wireless services in Cuba with a direct connection agreement with the country's telecom monopoly.Verizon had been first to roaming service in Cuba in September, but had to use third parties to connect the calls, adding cost and lowering quality. Sprint signed the first direct roaming deal with Empresa de Telecomunicaciones de Cuba (Etecsa) in November.The connectivity will be available after technical testing by both companies, Etecsa says.A trade embargo remains in place, but relaxed rules in telecom were allowed by the White House, saying it would benefit ordinary Cubans. Mar. 14, 2016, 7:10 PM | 2 Comments
FCC launches Internet privacy plan calling for data consent
The FCC has launched a proposal on data privacy that doesn't ban data collection practices, but does require a broad opt-in from consumers.The agency's plan, in the works since it reclassified many providers under net neutrality regulation last year, calls for consumer consent -- many broadband providers collect data without consent -- and for them to disclose their data collection, work to protect personal information and report data breaches.The move stops largely at Internet providers and doesn't extend to sites with broad consumer data collections, including Twitter, Google or Facebook.The move comes a few days after Verizon (NYSE:VZ) settled an FCC privacy probe by agreeing to get consumer consent and pay $1.35M, an amount that suggests the FCC is more concerned about the opt-in than about data collection in general.The proposal goes to an initial March 31 open meeting vote.FCC fact sheetRelated tickers: T, VZ, TMUS, S, CMCSA, CHTR, TWC, CVC, CTL, FTR, CCOI, DISH Previously: Verizon paying $1.35M, allowing data opt-outs in privacy probe (Mar. 07 2016) Mar. 10, 2016, 3:23 PM | 15 Comments
UBS: Verizon's Go90 mobile video off to 'slow start'
A UBS report notes that Verizon's (NYSE:VZ) mobile video service Go90 is "off to a slow start," based on a look at Apple app store downloads.Its best showing, UBS says, was "around No. 300 when ranked against all apps in the iTunes store and No. 20 when ranked against other entertainment apps." While it's usually linked with other video services like Sling TV, it's also competing with other millennial-friendly attention-grabbing apps, the firm says.Verizon hasn't disclosed any subscriber data, but the service isn't expected to be profitable for a few years. It launched in September.“We believe Go90 will be hard-pressed to mount a meaningful challenge to mobile video and social networking leaders YouTube, Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, Netflix and Hulu,” writes analyst John Hodulik. “That said, Verizon is pulling various levers to ramp up interest in and usage of Go90, including more live and exclusive content and free data for Verizon Wireless customers.”Previously: Verizon, Hearst solidify millennial video efforts with joint venture (Mar. 02 2016)Previously: AT&T heading into Web TV business this year (Mar. 01 2016) Mar. 9, 2016, 3:34 PM | 2 Comments
Verizon looks at asset-backed financing to shift customer cash up front
Verizon (VZ +0.8%) is considering a plan to shift to asset-backed receivable financing, a move that could get it more cash up front but require it to shop overseas for a deal.The move would get cash in advance to Verizon from customers who are financing their devices, says CFO Fran Shammo.The company may need a foreign bank to provide the financing, Shammo says, as it's slim pickings for this kind of financing in the U.S.The wireless spectrum auction beginning March 29 is going to make heavy cash demands on its bidders, who'll need to pay quickly after it wraps. Verizon bid $10.4B in last year's AWS-3 auction; it's expected to bid some $6.2B in this month's incentive auction. Mar. 8, 2016, 12:08 PM | 4 Comments
Verizon paying $1.35M, allowing data opt-outs in privacy probe
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) is paying just $1.35M and agreeing to a three-year consent decree to settle an FCC probe over consumer privacy.The company's wireless unit inserted unique traffic codes ("supercookies") into user traffic for tracking and targeted advertising purposes. The FCC said Verizon violated regulations by not disclosing the practice from late 2012 until 2014, and that the supercookies were set to override users' own privacy settings on Web browsers.Verizon has agreed to get consumer consent before sending data from the supercookies out.The FCC is expected to introduce new privacy proposals for broadband as soon as this month. Mar. 7, 2016, 3:20 PM | 5 Comments
With Frontier asset sale, Verizon launches $11.6B tender for debt
Verizon's (NYSE:VZ) launched three separate cash tender offers for some 34 tranches of notes offered by it and subsidiaries -- up to $11.6B in debt overall.The move is in conjunction with the closing of the sale of its local exchanges in California, Florida and Texas to Frontier Communications, provided it receives at least $9.5B in cash in that closing.Verizon has tendered for $5.1B in outstanding principal for a "Group 1" of notes coming due in 2016 and 2019, plus about $2.5B for a "Group 2" of longer-dated securities. It's also tendering up to $4B for a set of Waterfall notes issued by itself, Alltel and GTE.Holders who validly tender notes before 5 p.m. on March 17 will earn an early tender premium. Waterfall notes tendered early will have priority over those tendered later. Mar. 4, 2016, 3:50 PM | 8 Comments
Verizon Communications declares $0.565 dividend
Verizon Communications (NYSE:VZ) declares $0.565/share quarterly dividend, in line with previous.Forward yield 4.36%Payable May 2; for shareholders of record April 8; ex-div April 6. Mar. 4, 2016, 12:55 PM | 8 Comments
Yahoo CFO: Looking at sale of $1B-$3B in non-core assets
Speaking at Morgan Stanley's Technology, Media and Telecom conference, Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO) CFO Ken Goldman says aside from a spinoff of its core Internet business, the company's looking at selling "non-core assets" for $1B-$3B.Those assets include patents and property, and a committee formed to explore alternatives to the spinoff is considering some quick sales of the non-core assets. The company's sold or licensed more than $600M in patents over the past three years.Yahoo has launched a relatively formal auction process for its search business, with telecoms including Verizon (NYSE:VZ), AT&T (NYSE:T) and Comcast (NASDAQ:CMCSA) emerging as likely favorites alongside other companies (like longshot Time Inc.) and private equity.Previously: Bloomberg: Yahoo approaching potential buyers as soon as today (Feb. 22 2016)Previously: Bain and TPG reportedly eyeing Yahoo; shares close down 4.7% post-earnings (Feb. 03 2016) Mar. 3, 2016, 3:41 PM | 32 Comments
Verizon, Hearst solidify millennial video efforts with joint venture
Moving forward on talks they began in January, Hearst and Verizon (VZ +1%) have formed a joint venture aimed at drawing more millennials to Verizon's Go90 video service.As expected, Verizon Hearst Media Partners is launching with two channels. RatedRed.com, its rumored "Vice for the red states," is targeted at "heartland" millennials with content on music, food, outdoors, politics, military and faith.Seriously.TV will be its comedy channel with a current-events focus, including politics.The deal is a 50/50 venture and the companies are hiring up staff. Verizon's Brian Angiolet says that original content on Go90 is showing power equal to traditional brands in terms of drawing younger viewers.The channels will be available on the mobile-focused Go90 as well as via computers and TV.Previously: Verizon, Hearst in talks to team up for mobile video channels (Jan. 22 2016) Mar. 2, 2016, 1:27 PM | 1 Comment
WisdomTree LargeCap Dividend ETF (DLN) February Summary
February monthly performance was: +1.21% AUM of $1.66B52-week performance vs. the S&P 500 is: 0% $0.16 in dividends were paid in FebruaryTop 10 Holdings as of 1/29/2016: Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM): 3.46%, AT&T Inc (T): 3.42%, Microsoft Corp (MSFT): 3.2%, Verizon Communications Inc (VZ): 2.8%, Apple Inc (AAPL): 2.72%, Johnson & Johnson (JNJ): 2.33%, General Electric Co (GE): 2.28%, Chevron Corp (CVX): 2.19%, Procter & Gamble Co (PG): 2.06%, Wells Fargo & Co (WFC): 1.97%
Mar. 2, 2016, 6:30 AM | 1 Comment
AT&T heading into Web TV business this year
AT&T (T +1.1%) looks to be getting into the Web TV business as soon as this year, according to a release.Selling its DirecTV video content over the Web would put it into competition with Sling TV (DISH +2.4%), which has offered a basic skinny bundle of live television programming over the Internet.Later this year, AT&T says, it will launch three "bring your own connection" offers that won't be limited to its existing mobile or DirecTV subscribers."DirecTV Now" will offer "a range of content packages" (some skinny?) featuring on-demand and live programming along with premium add-ons, much like Sling TV. It will be available on Internet-enabled devices. Meanwhile, "DirecTV Mobile" will offer a mobile-first experience in what could be a solid answer to Verizon's (VZ +1.4%) Go90."DirecTV Preview" is a free offer (supported by ads) with a sampling of DirecTV content and looks to be a bit of a window display for the paid Web services.More than 60% of the company's network traffic is now video, it says, and it serves more than 60M streams and downloads to TV customers each month. Mar. 1, 2016, 1:46 PM | 23 Comments
FCC sets spectrum auction decision date for March 28
Broadcast players in a critical FCC spectrum auction will get their chance to declare themselves in for the sale -- during just a 32-hour window in which to get in, or stay out.The FCC has set 10 a.m. March 28 for the start of a commitment window for its broadcast incentive auction set to begin the next day. Broadcasters can start locking in commitment elections from then until 6 p.m. the following day.Stations will be able to preview the "commitment module" starting March 24, but will need to act fast the next week in order to lock themselves in to selling airwaves. Late stations will be barred from the auction.Spectrum players: VZ, T, TMUS, S, DISH, SBGI, EVC, CMCSA, CHTR, NXST Previously: FBR: Airwaves auction could bolster Dish Network (Feb. 19 2016) Feb. 25, 2016, 8:36 PM | 14 Comments
ESPN suit against Verizon on hold for negotiations
Breach of contract litigation filed by ESPN (DIS -1%) last year against Verizon (VZ -0.9%) is on hold as the two companies try to work it out.A stay has been issued before a preliminary conference set for Friday, delaying it until at least March 28.ESPN filed suit last April after Verizon rolled out a new "skinny" FiOS plan that allowed customers to pick a small set of channels including some broadcast and basic cable, but left ESPN to a different, separately purchased tier.In the meantime, Verizon introduced a new "Custom TV" service last week that allow for customers to get a service with ESPN and other sports channels or one without those. Feb. 23, 2016, 5:13 PM | 10 Comments
T-Mobile sets H2 2016 for field tests of 5G technology
With a veritable parade under way toward 5G wireless testing, T-Mobile (TMUS +1.1%) says it's going to conduct field trials of the next-gen technology in the second half of 2016 with partners Ericsson and Nokia."T-Mobile and Nokia are using pre-selected spectrum in the 28 GHz band to trial and test 5G components and accompanying use cases that support massive bandwidth capacity and virtual zero latency," the companies said."Building on investments we've made to deliver America's fastest 4G LTE, this puts us on the path to real 5G use cases once 5G consumer smartphones are available in the 2020+ timeframe," said Neville Ray, who had said during the company's earnings call: "I think folks have seen some of the early announcements and Verizon trying to move and say that they're going to be the first to 5G, well, it's kind of BS to be honest. We're there in the race. We'll make sure that there's nothing in the 5G space that we don't deliver to our customers on or before our competition does."Yesterday, AT&T (T -0.5%) boasted that DirecTV would give it the advantage over Verizon (VZ -0.8%) in the race to 5G, to which a Verizon spokesman replied: "AT&T has followed us in every turn of technology -- wireless and wired -- and they will again with 5G."Previously: AT&T: DirecTV gives us 5G advantage over Verizon (Feb. 22 2016)Previously: FCC filing: AT&T preps 5G testing in Austin (Feb. 04 2016) Feb. 23, 2016, 3:24 PM | 8 Comments
AT&T: DirecTV gives us 5G advantage over Verizon
In the race to 5G wireless, AT&T (T +0.5%) says it's got an unmatched advantage over rival Verizon (VZ +0.1%) after its acquisition of a large distribution network in the DirecTV deal.At Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Chief Strategy Officer John Donovan said the technology -- which promises download speeds of up to 10 Gbps on a network handling billions of devices -- will need a solid fixed line backbone. "We are in a better position because we have a fixed line proposition which is becoming much more interesting now with 5G."Both AT&T and Verizon have pledged trials of the technology this year. For its part, a Verizon spokesman says "AT&T has followed us in every turn of technology -- wireless and wired -- and they will again with 5G."Meanwhile, Verizon has said it demonstrated its 5G field trials for FCC officials including Chairman Tom Wheeler (and CEO Lowell McAdam took the opportunity to urge the FCC to act quickly on making bands above 24 GHz available for mobile broadband). With providers of all kinds entering the market for business broadband, there's no reason to single out some companies for special regulation, McAdam added.AT&T's Donovan added that the company would continue to be "very vocal" in opposition to FCC initiatives to open competition in the $20B television set-top box market.Previously: FCC filing: AT&T preps 5G testing in Austin (Feb. 04 2016)Previously: FCC votes to open set-top box market (Feb. 18 2016)Previously: SK Telecom, Ericsson teaming to pilot 5G networking (Feb. 11 2016) Feb. 22, 2016, 3:17 PM | 18 Comments
Verizon buying XO fiber business for $1.8B
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) is buying XO Communications' fiber-optic networking business for $1.8B, a move that will extend the company's fiber-based network as well as help densify the carrier's cell network.It's also leasing XO's wireless spectrum with an option to buy. It can purchase the entity that holds XO's spectrum by the end of 2018.The deal is expected to close in the first half of next year and Verizon says it sees net present value of operational synergies to exceed $1.5B. Feb. 22, 2016, 9:13 AM | 5 Comments
Verizon's Armstrong mulls Yahoo price; Yahoo hires bankers
In a lunch with UBS analyst John Hodulik discussing video and the ad market, AOL chief Tim Armstrong gave some color to some previously discussed interest that AOL parent Verizon (NYSE:VZ) might have in Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO): Certain assets could bring a strong price, but "you don't want to catch a falling knife."Verizon chief Lowell McAdam has acknowledged that Verizon might be interested in Yahoo, and Armstrong says it could happen -- at the right price.Along with Yahoo's hiring an independent committee today to explore its options, AP reports the company has hired three investment banks -- Goldman Sachs, J.P. Morgan and PJT Partners -- in what may be a clearer signal that some kind of transaction is imminent.“They’d have to start a process, share all the data regarding audience, distribution, monetization and talent,” Armstrong told Hodulik. “Everything at this point is theoretical. Assets with rapidly a growing number of users are very expensive. Even those with a stable number of users are expensive."Yahoo shares finished the day up 2.1%; they're down 9.7% YTD. Feb. 19, 2016, 9:01 PM | 31 Comments
FCC votes to open set-top box market
In a party-line vote, the FCC has voted to proceed on new regulations that will allow for open competition in pay TV set-top boxes.Agency Chairman Tom Wheeler had railed against a market where he says Americans spend $20B on leasing devices from their TV providers, paying rental fees that have jumped 185% since 1994 despite the fact that other consumer electronics have declined 90% in price in the same time frame.The FCC's move could throw open the doors to a new generation of boxes from the likes of Apple and Alphabet as well as TiVo, among others.“This issue is not complex,” Wheeler says, noting that the 1996 Telecommunications Act “explicitly instructed us to assure that there are competitive information devices, be it a box or an app.”Voting on Wheeler's proposal is the start of a process. If a final order goes forward, MVPDs would have to provide information to third parties who could make devices that conformed to a specification to provide service.Pay TV players: CMCSA, TWC, CHTR, CVC/OTCPK:ATCEY, T, DISH, VZ, FTR, CTL Previously: Reports: FCC planning for open competition in set-top boxes (Jan. 27 2016) Feb. 18, 2016, 11:49 AM | 78 Comments
Verizon closing two public cloud services
Verizon (VZ +1.3%) is shuttering two cloud services it offers to the public, consolidating more customers in its other offerings.The carrier is closing Verizon Public Cloud Reserved Performance and Marketplace. Verizon Cloud Storage users won't be affected.It's encouraging bumped users to move to a similar offering, its Virtual Private Cloud, before April 12 or data will be "irrecoverably deleted." Feb. 12, 2016, 2:51 PM | 7 Comments
Bloomberg: AOL's Armstrong leading early talks about Yahoo asset bid
AOL chief Tim Armstrong is the point person as Verizon (VZ -0.7%) explores a bid for assets at Yahoo (YHOO -4.3%), Bloomberg reports.Discussions aren't far along and Verizon hasn't hired any bankers, but Armstrong is the one leading preliminary discussions, sources said.Another source said Armstrong was picking up on conversations he had with Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer at the Sun Valley media conference in 2014 -- before AOL was bought by Verizon, but while he was exploring the idea of combining AOL and Yahoo. The two are both former Google executives.Armstrong has had a fairly free hand to run AOL as an independent advertising/media business at Verizon, and he also ran point on Verizon's $248M purchase of Millennial Media last year -- another company with which the independent AOL had begun tie-up talks.Yahoo has dipped today, -4.3%, to a new 52-week low of $26.48.Previously: Verizon confirms interest in buying Yahoo (Feb. 08 2016)Previously: Bain and TPG reportedly eyeing Yahoo; shares close down 4.7% post-earnings (Feb. 03 2016)Previously: AOL closes $248M deal for Millennial Media (Oct. 23 2015) Feb. 8, 2016, 3:29 PM | 10 Comments
Verizon confirms interest in buying Yahoo
Speaking with Jim Cramer of CNBC's "Mad Money" on Friday, Verizon (NYSE:VZ) CEO Lowell McAdam confirmed that his company is weighing a bid for Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO)."At the right price, I think marrying up some of their assets with AOL and the leadership would be good," he declared.Verizon previously described its strategy as being broken into three tiers: having great connectivity, holding traffic-driving platforms, and owning content.Previously: Verizon says any rumors of a bid for Yahoo are "false" (Jan. 28 2016) Feb. 8, 2016, 2:02 AM | 59 Comments
Verizon offers its customers free Go90 streaming
Verizon (VZ +1%) is following in the footsteps of T-Mobile's (TMUS -7.9%) Binge On -- at least partway -- by offering Verizon's postpaid customers the chance to watch content from the Go90 video service without touching the monthly data allowance.The latest versions of Go90 apps (for iOS/Android) are tied to Verizon's FreeBee Data 360 sponsored data service, a form of "zero rating" content so it doesn't detract from a data limit.Binge On still is more expansive, offering free streaming (downcoded) video from a variety of partners instead of only Go90. But it's an interesting step for Verizon, especially with the FCC taking a closer look at zero rating and its relation to new net neutrality regulations.Verizon notes that video streaming is free of the cap, but other app activity, including commenting, download, etc., will count against data plans.Previously: Wheeler: FCC's look at data exemptions is still lower level (Jan. 28 2016)Previously: Verizon informs FCC of sponsored data plans (Jan. 20 2016) Feb. 5, 2016, 6:35 PM | 3 Comments
Verizon launches NBA League Pass on Go90 service
Following on November's multiyear deal, Verizon (VZ +1%) says it will offer live out-of-market NBA games via NBA League Pass on its Go90 video service starting tomorrow.Go90 is giving registered users a free preview over the weekend, and they can buy a half-season package for $50 to keep viewing starting Monday, to cover the rest of the NBA season.Also starting Monday, Verizon is offering registered users up to five games on the service for no cost, whether or not they watched games in the free preview.Verizon and the NBA came to a multiyear content and marketing partnership in the fall that covered providing games as well as exclusive series, and made Verizon the official wireless provider of the league and affiliates.Previously: Verizon wins NBA content for Go90 video service in multiyear deal (Nov. 04 2015) Feb. 5, 2016, 4:17 PM | 5 Comments
FCC filing: AT&T preps 5G testing in Austin
According to an FCC application, AT&T (NYSE:T) is pursuing a three-year experimental license to test 5G service in Austin, Texas, which might put it on a timeline with competitor Verizon (NYSE:VZ) in pursuing the next-gen wireless standard.The telecom giant wants to do fixed and mobile tests with "various types of experimental wireless equipment" (but from undisclosed providers). The goal is to allow for trials (in the 3.5 GHz, 4 GHz, 15 GHz and 28 GHz bands) before standards are finalized in 2018-2019. A 5G service could provide wireless data speeds comparable to gigabit broadband.Last September, Verizon announced an ambitious timetable that included 5G testing in 2016 followed by "some level of commercial deployment" in 2017; the company's CFO Fran Shammo has promised they would get to 5G first. Observers have assumed commercial rollout wouldn't happen until 2020.This could also put some heat on upcoming spectrum auctions; tests are one thing, but commercial service means a need for more airwaves.Previously: Verizon announces ambitious 5G timetable; to start field tests next year (Sep. 08 2015) Feb. 4, 2016, 5:54 PM | 28 Comments
Synchronoss down 22% since issuing light guidance; Stifel downgrades
Synchronoss (SNCR -13.2%) has tumbled to its lowest levels since 2013 after posting a Q4 beat on Wednesday morning. The culprit: Synchronoss guided on its earnings call (transcript) for 2016 revenue of $655M-$680M (+15% Y/Y at the midpoint) and EPS of $2.22-$2.45, largely below a pre-earnings consensus of $679.3M and $2.51. Free cash flow is expected to grow 10%-20% from 2015's $66.4M.The company's Cloud Services segment (provides white-label cloud services to carriers) is expected to see revenue of $378M-$391M (+24% at the midpoint), with demand from both AT&T and major international carriers providing a lift. However, Activation Services (subscriber activation/provisioning software) is only expected to grow to $277M-$289M from 2015's $270M - Synchronoss says it's taking a "conservative view" for the business until it gets better visibility regarding certain international deployments.Also: 1) Synchronoss' enterprise mobility JV with Goldman is expected to hurt by EPS by $0.10-$0.12 due to initial investments; the JV is forecast to approach breakeven by year's end. 2) Investments in a new JV with Verizon (NYSE:VZ) to roll out Synchronoss' Universal ID platform to Verizon subs and sell Universal ID to enterprises are expected to have a $0.06-$0.10 EPS impact.Stifel has downgraded Syncrhonoss to Hold. The firm believes Q4 Cloud Services revenue was boosted by at least $18M thanks to one-time revenue related to the Verizon JV.Synchronoss' Q4 results, earnings release Feb. 4, 2016, 11:37 AM
Yahoo jumps on report it will discuss 'strategic alternatives' after close
Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO) shares have jumped on news from Dow Jones that Yahoo will say it's exploring "strategic alternatives" in its aftermarket earnings commentary today.Shares were down as much as 4.9% and have leapt to just a 0.4% decline.It's the strongest indication yet that the company will consider a sale of all or part of its Web business.The board has a fiduciary duty to listen to offers, which could come from Verizon (NYSE:VZ) or from private-equity firms that have expressed interest in parts of the business.Sales have fallen at Yahoo in seven of the past 10 quarters. Feb. 2, 2016, 3:24 PM | 23 Comments
WisdomTree LargeCap Dividend ETF (DLN) January Summary
January monthly performance was: -3.31% AUM of $1.63B52-week performance vs. the S&P 500 is: -2% $0.10 in dividends were paid in JanuaryTop 10 Holdings as of 12/31/2015: Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM): 3.35%, AT&T Inc (T): 3.15%, Microsoft Corp (MSFT): 3.11%, Apple Inc (AAPL): 2.84%, Verizon Communications Inc (VZ): 2.5%, General Electric Co (GE): 2.36%, Johnson & Johnson (JNJ): 2.21%, Chevron Corp (CVX): 2.2%, Wells Fargo & Co (WFC): 2.06%, Procter & Gamble Co (PG): 1.93%
Feb. 2, 2016, 9:00 AM
Wheeler: FCC's look at data exemptions is still lower level
FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler says that the agency's look into so-called "zero rating" -- telecom providers exempting some services (sometimes paid) from subscriber limits -- is informational, and that he hasn't attended any meetings on it yet.The talks are at the bureau level, he says: "I am not at these meetings. Nobody from the office of the chairman is in these meetings. They're gathering information and we'll see what happens from there."The agency has been meeting with key providers, including T-Mobile (NASDAQ:TMUS), Comcast (NASDAQ:CMCSA), AT&T (NYSE:T) and surely Verizon (NYSE:VZ), now that it's rolling out its "FreeBee" sponsored data solution.Meanwhile, Republican Commissioners Michael O'Rielly and Ajit Pai are expressing their concerns to the "inquistors" over a procedure they see as unnecessary.Despite swirling concerns over net neutrality, Wheeler has praised T-Mobile's Binge On video streaming offering as "highly innovative and highly competitive."Previously: Verizon informs FCC of sponsored data plans (Jan. 20 2016)Previously: FCC summoning Internet providers to talk data policies (Dec. 17 2015)Previously: FCC chairman: T-Mobile video initiative 'highly competitive' (Nov. 19 2015) Jan. 28, 2016, 7:14 PM
Verizon says any rumors of a bid for Yahoo are "false"
On Jan. 23 the New York Post reported that Verizon (NYSE:VZ) made an $8B bid for Yahoo's (NASDAQ:YHOO) core business.Bob Varettoni, director of corporate communications for Verizon, told CTFN tonight the rumors are false. "The New York Post was wrong. We've made no offer to acquire Yahoo."Yahoo reports earnings on Feb. 2.Note: Reuters: Yahoo to wait for earnings for strategic steps (Jan. 21)More than 1/3 of Yahoo's workforce has left in the last year (Jan. 10)Verizon, Yahoo And Best Idea For 2016 (Jan. 6 2016)
Jan. 28, 2016, 12:59 AM | 30 Comments
Reports: FCC planning for open competition in set-top boxes
The FCC is planning to allow for open competition in pay-TV set-top boxes, which would open a new front against multichannel providers for hardware makers including Apple and Alphabet as well as TiVo.A document shows that FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler plans a proposal that would see a Feb. 18 vote, to open up a market where Americans spend $20B a year to lease equipment from their providers -- an average of $231/year.The proposal also looks to prevent pay TV providers from using security systems to prevent competition. An industry trade group opposes competition in the device market, saying it wouldn't provide new programming or lower TV bills.The entry of Apple and Google could mean that traditional set-top functions are provided by a tablet instead.Set-top box rental fees have jumped 185% since 1994, the FCC's document says, while the cost of TVs, computers and mobile phones has fallen 90% in that time frame.Updated 1:11 p.m.: FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler tweets: "It is time for us to unlock the set-top box market, as we did w/ Ma Bell phones & devices on wireless networks."Pay TV players: CMCSA, TWC, CHTR, CVC/OTCPK:ATCEY, T, DISH, VZ, FTR, CTL Jan. 27, 2016, 1:09 PM | 29 Comments
Verizon, Hearst in talks to team up for mobile video channels
Verizon (VZ +2.6%) and Hearst are discussing a team effort to go after new audiences for the wireless carrier's Go90 mobile video service, including an underserved heartland demographic.The two are in advanced talks on a joint venture to develop two digital media brands, which could include a politics-focused comedy network, and another targeted at millennials and referred to by a source as "Vice for the red states."Vice Media is already launching its own 24-hour channel this spring, Viceland, and has a presence on Go90 with long-form reporting ranging from lifestyles to war coverage.Print stalwart Hearst has been making its own moves into Web video, where ad rates are much higher than banner ads for its magazine/newspaper sites. It also has a 25% stake in DreamWorks Animation's AwesomenessTV, also on Go90.Previously: Verizon, Sony to partner on video content slate for Go90 (Jan. 06 2016)Previously: FT: Disney puts additional $200M into Vice, bringing stake to 10% (Dec. 08 2015)Previously: A&E/Vice Media 24-hour channel Viceland to debut in early 2016 (Nov. 03 2015) Jan. 22, 2016, 3:53 PM | 1 Comment
Verizon lowers churn, posts better-than-expected 1.5M net adds
In its Q4 earnings report, Verizon (NYSE:VZ) pointed to operating results that suggest it's churning ahead after "transformational change" in a competitive wireless market.Its 1.5M retail postpaid net additions in subscribers brought the full-year total to 4.5M. Retail postpaid churn was 0.96%, vs. 1.04% at the end of 2014.Postpaid phone upgrade rate fell to 8.4% from a previous 9.8%; 73M smartphones were in the base and 4G devices are now more than 79% of the retail postpaid connection base. At year's end, the company had 112.1M retail connections (up 3.6% Y/Y) and 106.5M retail postpaid connections (up 4.4%).In wireline, the company reported its smallest growth in FiOS TV subscriptions since it launched. It added 99,000 net new Internet connections and 20,000 net new video connections (totals: 7M for Internet, 5.8M for video, up 6.3% and 3.2% respectively).FiOS Internet penetration was 41.8% (up from 41.1%); video penetration 35.3% (down from 35.8%).Now: VZ +0.5% premarket.Previously: Verizon up 1% after Q4 earnings, revenues beat (Jan. 21 2016)Previously: Verizon beats by $0.01, beats on revenue (Jan. 21 2016) Jan. 21, 2016, 9:19 AM | 4 Comments
Verizon up 1% after Q4 earnings, revenues beat
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) is up 1% premarket after Q4 results where it swung to a better-than-expected profit but warned again that earnings are likely to plateau this year.The company added 1.5M net postpaid wireless subscribers at retail, down 24% from a year-ago addition of 1.99M. Adjusted EPS was up 25.4% to $0.89; GAAP earnings swung to a profit ($1.32/share from a loss of $0.54; both quarters affected by valuation of benefit plans and mark-to-market pension adjustments).Revenue breakout: Service revenues and other, $28.86B (down 0.4%); wireless equipment, $5.4B (up 27.9%). By segment: Wireless, $23.7B (up 1.2%); Wireline, $9.47B (down 0.9%).For 2016, the company expects to mitigate earnings pressures from the sale of high-margin operations to Frontier, as well as the shift to device installment plans and ramping up new business models.Full-year earnings are expected to "plateau at a level comparable to its strong full-year 2015 adjusted earnings." Adjusted EBITDA margin should be consistent with 2015 and capital spending should be $17.2B-$17.7B. Jan. 21, 2016, 9:03 AM
Verizon beats by $0.01, beats on revenue
Verizon (NYSE:VZ): Q4 EPS of $0.89 beats by $0.01.Revenue of $34.25B (+3.2% Y/Y) beats by $190M. Jan. 21, 2016, 7:02 AM | 14 Comments
Eyes in Verizon earnings on subscribers, average bills
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) reports earnings Thursday morning, and while profits are expected to log a healthy gain, subscriber growth and average revenue may disappoint as there's been no rest in a competitive market.Consensus expectations are for the carrier to report EPS of $0.88 (up 24%) and revenues of $34.12B (up 2.6%) -- but that on only 1.4M added subscribers, down some 30% Y/Y. T-Mobile reported earlier this month that it added more than 2M subscribers on a net basis.It's an illustration of challenges in a market where pretty much everyone has a phone. Average bills have shrunk at all carriers amid the hot competition, and Verizon's are again expected to be third-best among the big four carriers (ahead of only T-Mobile).Meanwhile, only Sprint is expected to post Y/Y gains in monthly users. Jan. 21, 2016, 12:00 AM
Notable earnings before Thursday’s open
ALK, BBT, BK, BKU, CBU, CP, FITB, FNB, GMT, HBAN, HOMB, KEY, LUV, MTG, ORI, PPG, PVTB, SBNY, TRV, UAL, UNP, VZ, WBS Jan. 20, 2016, 5:30 PM | 3 Comments
Verizon informs FCC of sponsored data plans
Verizon (VZ -0.9%) says it went to the FCC with news about a new sponsored data service it's offering -- likely a precaution as the agency sorts out what its net neutrality regulations mean to data traffic prioritization and so-called "zero rating."Verizon's FreeBee offering will be a trial of two kinds of data service where partners will be able to sponsor content -- especially mobile video -- that would be exempt from the company's subscriber data caps. One model (FreeBee Data 360) allows partners to sponsor some or all of their content on mobile apps or websites, billed per gigabyte, and a second delivers on a pay-per-click basis.Carriers including Verizon have been formulating plans for how to deal with net neutrality regulations, and they follow on T-Mobile's (TMUS -0.8%) launch of "Binge On," video streaming that is exempt from that carrier's data limits though scaled to 480p. While that launch raised flags among net neutrality advocates, FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler praised it as "innovative." Jan. 20, 2016, 5:10 PM | 2 Comments
AOL partners with Taboola, will take equity stake
AOL (VZ -1.7%) has taken on a strategic partnership with Taboola -- the content discovery platform that recommends new story links for website visitors -- and plans to take an equity stake.The deal will integrate Taboola across all of AOL's premium brands, including AOL.com, Huffington Post, TechCrunch, Engadget, MapQuest and others.The partnership involves desktop, tablet, mobile Web and mobile apps and the two will pursue shared data initiatives to improve user insight. Jan. 20, 2016, 11:10 AM | 1 Comment
Sprint -9.9% as it plans 'radical' network overhaul; tower firms dip
Sprint (S -9.9%) has a "radical" plan to overhaul its cell network that could save up to $1B -- but might result in hiccups along the way.The carrier plans to relocate radio equipment from towers leased from private companies, namely Crown Castle (CCI -5.8%) and American Tower (AMT -4.2%), onto cheaper properties owned by the government, Re/code reports.It's also hoping to reduce its dependency on backhaul from AT&T (T -0.9%) and Verizon (VZ -1%) by using microwave technology a la Clearwire instead. The company cuts annual checks of $1B for backhaul to the two rivals.One source says the company's "Next Generation Network" will result in a new wave of disruptions and could end up with less coverage in regions where Sprint has few subscribers: “Getting there is going to be a nightmare ... It’s going to be very, very disruptive.”Sprint will lease towers from privately held Mobilitie, which will locate where possible on government-owned ROW.“Sprint’s plan is not for the faint of heart,” Wells Fargo's Jennifer Fritzsche writes in a note. “Sprint needs to be solely focused on avoiding mistakes of the past, where network overhauls caused major disruptions in the network’s performance.” Jan. 15, 2016, 5:32 PM | 107 Comments
AT&T offering new unlimited data plan as TV promotion
With the unlimited data plan slowly dying among U.S. wireless providers, AT&T (NYSE:T) is bringing it back -- but as a promotion to boost its TV business.Shares are up 0.5% in premarket action.The company is offering its first chance in five years to sign up for unlimited wireless data, provided customers commit to DirecTV or U-verse.Subscribers can get the wireless plan for $100/month, with additional smartphones at $40. A fourth smartphone can be added for no extra cost.The move hints at a response to T-Mobile (NASDAQ:TMUS), which has made video streaming free on its wireless platform via a "Binge On" promotion, as well as to Verizon's (NYSE:VZ) Go90 video service. AT&T confirms it "plans to launch a wide-range of new video entertainment options later this year."Sprint (NYSE:S), along with T-Mobile, still offers an unlimited option, though it raised its price on the plan in September. AT&T raised prices on its grandfathered unlimited plans in November, following Verizon's increase in October. Jan. 11, 2016, 9:06 AM | 17 Comments
Verizon, Sony to partner on video content slate for Go90
Verizon (VZ -0.9%) and Sony Music (SNE -7.2%) are teaming on a video partnership for Verizon's Go90, adding a number of original shows and musical performances to the burgeoning mobile streaming service.Along with special live music events, the two plan to launch shows this year including Crashed, a hidden-camera comedy where fans are greeted by celebrities, and Car Star, a competition series focused on (surprise) singing in the car.Musical tie-ins will include a multi-night concert series showcasing Sony Music's artists. The deal also covers some previously announced programming arrangements between Go90 and Astronauts Wanted, a joint venture between Sony Music and MTV ex Judy McGrath. Jan. 6, 2016, 5:19 PM
AT&T to push Verizon for FirstNet public-safety contract
AT&T (T -0.4%) is suggesting it's interested in putting up a challenge to Verizon (VZ -1.4%) over FirstNet -- the government's public-safety wireless broadband network focused on first responders, where Verizon has been widely considered a solid front-runner.The request for proposals is expected this month on a project that could cost $20B-$30B. RFPs were originally expected by the end of 2015, and are likely to target only "national deployment" offers, meaning a winner-take-all scenario.At Citi's investor conference, AT&T's John Donovan says the FirstNet contract is a "rare event" and a "good opportunity for us.""The timing of the spectrum, the position of the spectrum, the customer opportunity that comes with it — it's a rare event, so we're going to pursue it aggressively," Donovan said.Verizon has been considered in strong position for the deal because it has an existing rural partnership program around its 700 MHz spectrum.The FirstNet decision is likely to come after March 29's FCC broadcast incentive auction.Previously: Verizon likely frontrunner for government's FirstNet project (Oct. 12 2015) Jan. 6, 2016, 3:06 PM | 7 Comments
Reuters: Verizon starts data center sales process, hoping for $2.5B
While CFO Fran Shammo had tamped down "speculative" reports about asset sales, Verizon (VZ +1.4%) has started the process of selling its data centers with hopes of drawing more than $2.5B, Reuters reports.Shares are up 0.2% after hours.A sale process would mean a reversal of the company's moves into hosting and co-location after it paid $1.4B in 2011 for Terremark. Citigroup is advising Verizon and the portfolio up for sale includes 48 data centers and brings in annual EBITDA of around $275M, sources said.Early November reports that Verizon would look at unloading enterprise assets were shot down by Shammo, who said that the company would continue to support enterprise customers. "There's no foundation behind these comments," he told an investor conference.Previously: Verizon CFO: Reports of $10B in asset sales 'speculative' (Nov. 10 2015)Previously: Verizon rebounding on report it's considering $10B in asset sales (Nov. 06 2015) Jan. 5, 2016, 6:18 PM | 14 Comments
NYC pay phones get high-tech makeover
New York City will begin this month replacing thousands of pay phones with free Wi-Fi hot spots that will sit atop a 9.5-foot tall box featuring electronic advertising screens and an Android tablet that can be used to place free phone calls.The $200M project, called LinkNYC, is being run by CityBridge, a joint venture between three tech companies: Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM), CIVIQ Smartscapes, and Intersection (which has backing from Alphabet)."Free abundant Wi-Fi at those speeds could give people living in NYC, the country's largest market, a reason to spend less on wireless data services from carriers such as Verizon (NYSE:VZ) and AT&T (NYSE:T)," said Craig Moffett, senior research analyst at MoffettNathanson. Jan. 5, 2016, 3:49 AM | 20 Comments
WisdomTree LargeCap Dividend ETF (DLN) December Summary
December monthly performance was: -0.5% AUM of $1.74B52-week performance vs. the S&P 500 is: -3% $0.25 in dividends were paid in DecemberTop 10 Holdings as of 11/30/2015: Apple Inc (AAPL): 3.5%, Microsoft Corp (MSFT): 3.48%, Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM): 3.24%, General Electric Co (GE): 3.13%, AT&T Inc (T): 2.94%, Verizon Communications Inc (VZ): 2.68%, Johnson & Johnson (JNJ): 2.24%, Wells Fargo & Co (WFC): 2.19%, Chevron Corp (CVX): 2.12%, Pfizer Inc (PFE): 2.04%
Jan. 4, 2016, 9:02 AM
CDC heavily debated cellphone radiation risk
When the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention published new guidelines 18 months ago regarding the radiation risk from cellphones, it used unusually bold language: "We recommend caution in cellphone use."Within weeks, though, the CDC reversed course. It no longer recommended caution, and deleted a passage specifically addressing potential risks for children.Mainstream scientific consensus currently holds that there is little to no evidence that cellphone signals raise the risk of brain cancer or other health problems. Nevertheless, more than 500 pages of internal records obtained by NYT, along with interviews with former agency officials, reveal a debate and some disagreement among scientists and health agencies about what guidance to give as the use of mobile devices skyrockets.Related tickers: NOK, AAPL, BBRY, MSI, SNE, VZ, TMUS, T, S, OTC:SSNLF, OTC:HTCXF, OTCPK:ZTCOF, OTCPK:ZTCOY Jan. 3, 2016, 9:16 AM | 141 Comments
FCC report: DSL trailing cable and fiber in broadband speeds
The FCC's year-end "Measuring Broadband America" report says DSL providers like Verizon, CenturyLink and Frontier have a challenge ahead if sticking with copper, since speeds aren't keeping up with promises -- and cable providers have taken advantage (and share) this year.DOCSIS 3.0 technologies are letting cablecos boost speeds to the three digits (100 Mbps), and DOCSIS 3.1 will allow for competition with fiber, and 1 Gbps speeds over coaxial networks."All ISPs using cable, fiber or satellite technologies advertise speeds for services that on average are close to or below the actual speeds experienced by their subscribers," the FCC says. "However, some DSL providers continue to advertise speeds that on average exceed actual speeds."Cablecos like Comcast (CMCSA -0.5%), Charter (CHTR -0.6%), Time Warner Cable (TWC -0.2%), Cox and Cablevision (CVC +0.1%) raised maximum advertised speeds from 12-20 Mbps in March 2011 to 50-105 Mbps by September 2014.Meanwhile, Verizon (VZ -1.2%) is in harvest mode on its copper lines, and its lack of FiOS plans in many areas means customers may seek fiber or cable alternatives. But in areas where Verizon and Frontier offer fiber-to-the-home, most popular speeds are 25 and 35 Mpbs.CenturyLink (CTL -0.9%) and Frontier (FTR +0.2%) have made some moves to upgrade their copper networks, pushing into 100 Mbps trials in some cities.For 2015: CMCSA -3.4%; CHTR +8.9%; TWC +21.4%; CVC +54%; VZ -3.4%; CTL -37.8%; FTR -31.6%. Dec. 31, 2015, 6:00 PM | 2 Comments
T-Mobile stock has best 2015 in U.S. wireless; firm looks to FCC auction
T-Mobile (TMUS -1.6%) ended the year as the big winner among the U.S. wireless big four, finishing up 45% for 2015. AT&T was the only other to gain, and was up 2.4% for the year.Looking ahead, T-Mobile is already hoping to make a splash in the FCC's broadcast incentive auction of wireless airwaves, with CEO John Legere looking to be a "winner.""The lowband spectrum auctions will be the most important in recent U.S. history and will shape the future of the wireless industry for decades to come," Legere writes. "I predict that T-Mobile will walk away a winner."AT&T (T -1%) and Verizon (VZ -1.2%) will have more money to spend in the auction, but likely less interest, as both built their LTE networks on "beachfront" 700 MHz spectrum.Wells Fargo, though, has predicted that AT&T will spend the most (along with Verizon spending the least) in the sale. Sprint (S -0.3%; down 12.8% this year) has said it will sit it out. Dec. 31, 2015, 5:13 PM | 21 Comments
Verizon's Go90 service nearing 2M users, analysts say
Verizon's (VZ -0.9%) Go90 video service is headed for 2M users early in the new year, with Android users taking the lead after a slow start, Apptopia says.The carrier itself isn't talking about subscriber numbers. Apptopia notes the service (currently free and ad-supported) was downloaded over 709K times on iOS -- where it had taken off fastest -- through December 15. But during the same period, it has been downloaded on Google Play 1.09M times.Verizon expects to sell a premium paid version in Q1 with content exempted from monthly data caps, Barclays has said.Previously: Barclays: Verizon planning paid, cap-exempt version of Go90 (Dec. 22 2015)Previously: AT&T plans its own mobile entertainment service (Dec. 08 2015)Previously: Verizon wins NBA content for Go90 video service in multiyear deal (Nov. 04 2015) Dec. 30, 2015, 8:09 PM
Verizon offering consumers up to $650 to switch
In a move that mirrors promos long offered by rivals, Verizon (NYSE:VZ) is now offering mobile users up to $650 per line to switch from another carrier.Consumers who trade in their current smartphone and buy one on a Verizon payment plan get up to $650 (through a prepaid card) to cover remaining installment plan balances with another carrier. Switchers signing up for Big Red's XL or XXL plan also get an extra 2GB/month of data for life.Verizon has long been more conservative with its promo activity than peers, relying on its coverage edge and network performance to maintain premium pricing. The company reported 1.3M retail postpaid net adds for Q3, including 430K postpaid phone net adds. Dec. 28, 2015, 6:50 PM | 22 Comments
Barclays: Verizon planning paid, cap-exempt version of Go90
Verizon (VZ +0.8%) will introduce a paid version of its Go90 video streaming service in Q1 that will offer free video streaming similar to what T-Mobile launched, Barclays says.Analyst Amir Rozwadowski says that sponsored data plans that Verizon management had been discussing will be ready to go in the first quarter.The FCC recently called on Comcast, AT&T and T-Mobile to discuss their data policies as more providers look at so-called "zero rating," excluding services (usually partnered with the provider) from data limits. Critics allege that such exemption is a form of paid prioritization that was targeted by the FCC's new net neutrality rules.While [Verizon] did recognize net neutrality implications, it seems to have the right pieces in place to avoid any concerns," Rozwadowski says. "Specifically, management formed a structure in which AOL will be separated from Verizon and act as a customer buying data buckets. In addition, the service will be offered to anyone that wants it, not just Verizon customers.Verizon launched Go90 as an ad-supported service in September. Dec. 22, 2015, 3:11 PM | 3 Comments
CenturyLink, other telecoms could gain from reinstated tax break
CenturyLink (CTL +3.5%) -- and to a lesser extent, Frontier Communications (FTR -0.4%), Verizon (VZ +0.6%) and AT&T (T +0.8%) -- could see upside with Congress looking at renewing a capex tax break for industries including telecommunications.UBS analyst John Hodulik sees legislators pursuing a retroactive 2015 extension of bonus depreciation, which lets companies deduct half the cost of some capital equipment purchases immediately, and which would boost free cash flow. Legislators could also extend the deal into 2016 or beyond as well."We believe CenturyLink would be the largest beneficiary" of that extension, Hodulik says, with free cash flow rising 44% after its tax bill drops from an expected $1B to around $350M.Other companies would benefit as well: Frontier's free cash flow would rise about 19%, while AT&T and Verizon could see gains of 11% each if the break gets a retroactive extension. Dec. 15, 2015, 1:06 PM | 9 Comments
Verizon trails market as BTIG downgrades to Neutral
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) is trailing the broad market, -0.2%, after BTIG Research downgrades it to Neutral, from Buy.Wireless margins have soared to record levels of near 56% from under 50% last year, the firm notes, raising the question of whether its best times are in the rear-view mirror.Verizon shares are flat over the past year and down 2.1% over the past three months. Dec. 15, 2015, 10:33 AM | 4 Comments
After Hours Gainers / Losers
Top gainers, as of 5.25 p.m.: TVIX +3.6%. CLLS +2.6%. VIIX +1.7%. AMGN +1.3%. SHPG +1.2%.Top losers, as of 5.25p.m.: ARWR -5.6%. PAY -3.1%. BCS -3.0%. VZ -2.5%. PLAY -2.4%. Dec. 14, 2015, 5:41 PM | 7 Comments
Verizon to provide sponsored content that doesn't count against data caps
Starting with a test beginning in the coming days, Verizon (NYSE:VZ) will begin offering content that doesn't count against a user's data cap, as a result of it being sponsored by a third party. A larger commercial launch is due in Q1.VP Marni Walden: "The capabilities we’ve built allow us to break down any byte that is carried across our network and have all or a portion of that sponsored," Critics have argued sponsored content creates an uneven playing field for those companies that can't afford it. Defenders assert the concept is fundamentally similar to toll-free calling.AT&T has been testing its own sponsored content solution for some time. T-Mobile, meanwhile, lets users consume a slew of music and (more recently) video services without having the activity count against their data caps; the company isn't paid by content providers for doing so.Allot (NASDAQ:ALLT) provides deep packet inspection (DPI) systems that allow carriers to set unique policies for different types of content traveling over their networks. Its shares rose 4.6% today, possibly aided by a bullish Tuesday afternoon column from SA author Cobia Capital Management. Dec. 9, 2015, 4:26 PM | 2 Comments
Verizon's McAdam: We'd explore Yahoo deal if board sells
Backing up his CFO's comments at the UBS investor conference yesterday, Verizon (NYSE:VZ) chief Lowell McAdam today confirmed the carrier would explore buying Yahoo's (NASDAQ:YHOO) Internet business if it decided to sell.“We’d look at it like anything else,” McAdam said, while noting it's still not clear what Yahoo's board has planned.Verizon is one of many telecom/media firms linked (by the companies themselves or analysts) to a possible purchase of Yahoo's core; In Verizon's case, there's some strategic fit in Yahoo's content and tech business (like ad-tech company BrightRoll), though also hurdles (the biggest being the tax implications of Yahoo's Alibaba (NYSE:BABA) stake).Previously: Verizon expresses interest in Yahoo (Dec. 07 2015)Previously: Media companies linked to circling pack around Yahoo Internet business (Dec. 02 2015)Related: Verizon-Yahoo Tie-Up? (Dec. 08 2015) Dec. 8, 2015, 3:43 PM | 5 Comments
Dozens of California governments sue the wireless carriers
A full 42 California government entities have joined a lawsuit against the big four U.S. wireless providers -- AT&T (T -1.8%), Verizon (VZ -1%), T-Mobile (TMUS +1.2%) and Sprint (S +3.2%) -- alleging that they overcharged government customers by more than $100M.The entities, which include Sacramento and Los Angeles Counties and the University of California Regents, say the four have ignored cost-saving requirements that are in their contracts with state and local government customers.The companies were required to determine the lowest-cost plan and provide that; failing to do so meant that the plaintiffs missed out on 20-30% cost reductions, the suit argues. Dec. 8, 2015, 3:16 PM | 57 Comments
AT&T plans its own mobile entertainment service
AT&T (T -1.1%) is joining the club, planning a mobile entertainment service of its own to catch up to ambitious plans from pipe-owning competitors.At the UBS investor conference, CEO Randall Stephenson pointed to 30M homes without pay TV subs in outlining hopes to offer an over-the-top video bundle for people without a satellite subscription.He said January was the launch time frame for a package with "mobile stacked content together with a really robust wireless asset."Verizon (NYSE:VZ) launched its Go90 service in beta in September promising hours of free content to users regardless of mobile service, and was live at the beginning of October.The DirecTV move has made it possible for AT&T, Stephenson explained. "You go down the premium content channels" -- HBO, Showtime, Starz, A&E, et al. -- "we got the stacking rights and mobile rights ... This is about the best over-the-top portfolio of content I believe in the United States."In his talk, he also mentioned that there's "a little pressure" on the company's video subscriber numbers with some people migrating from U-verse to DirecTV, but AT&T still has "a shot" at Q4 growth and "for sure, as we move into the first quarter, we will have TV subscriptions growing."Previously: Verizon's Go90 video service enters app charts after wide launch (Oct. 02 2015) Dec. 8, 2015, 1:15 PM | 3 Comments
AOL lays off 100, mainly from subscription business
AOL (VZ -1%) has laid off about another 100 employees -- most of which were in its declining Membership (dial-up) area.About two-thirds were in the Membership division while the rest came from cross-company functions including marketing and advertising that weren't tied to a specific AOL brand; that operations layer is expected to shrink as the company emphasizes specific businesses.Just prior to its acquisition by Verizon early this year, AOL reported that Membership accounted for about $182.6M in revenues, around 30%, though an Internet subscriptions business has a heavy overlap with Verizon functions. Dec. 8, 2015, 10:14 AM | 3 Comments
Verizon tops AT&T as month's top wireless ad spender
With a hot holiday season ahead, Verizon (NYSE:VZ) has surpassed AT&T (NYSE:T) as the wireless industry's top advertising spender for November.Of a total $189.3M placing TV commercials, Verizon spent about $1.2M more than AT&T, for about 21.1% of the total, FierceWireless/iSpot.tv say.Those two were ahead of T-Mobile (NASDAQ:TMUS). Meanwhile, Cricket Wireless, AT&T's prepaid brand, was the fourth-largest spender, putting big-four member Sprint (NYSE:S) in fifth place -- with about half of its spending going to its new half-off promotion. Dec. 7, 2015, 7:34 PM | 6 Comments
Verizon expresses interest in Yahoo
"If Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO) is right, we might look at it," says Verizon (NYSE:VZ) CFO Francis Shammo, speaking at a media conference.Verizon, of course, has been tabbed as one of a number of potential suitors for Yahoo's core Internet business.via Bloomberg's Matt Miller Dec. 7, 2015, 9:14 AM | 27 Comments
Verizon, T-Mobile next up with holiday promotions
Another week brought more promotions (at least in holiday shopping season) for U.S. wireless carriers fighting for customers.Verizon (VZ -0.8%) today offered 2 GB of bonus data for new phones added or upgraded on its larger data buckets (XL or XXL, in the company's clothing-size parlance). The deal is good just through Jan. 6.The data's shareable with devices on the plan, but tablets/connected devices alone aren't eligible to be added/upgraded for the deal.Meanwhile, T-Mobile's (TMUS -3.3%) target of the day is AT&T (T -1.4%); it's offering those customers an iPhone bargain (128 GB model for the price of the 16 GB model) and half off financed in-store accessories (focused on speakers, headphones, smartwatches, fitness trackers).T-Mobile says the iPhone deal represents a $200 value, given back via bill credit. Its deal is available Dec. 4 through Dec. 13. Dec. 3, 2015, 8:04 PM | 4 Comments
California PUC OKs Frontier's $10.5B wireline buy from Verizon
Frontier Communications (FTR -0.5%) has won its approval from the California Public Utilities Commission for its $10.5B acquisition of Verizon's (VZ -1.3%) wireline operations in the state.It had gotten a favorable signal from the PUC early last month. Frontier has received the other approvals for its takeover of the operations, which include telephony, broadband and video considering the included FiOS network.CEO Daniel McCarthy said the company was looking forward to the finish, now expected by the end of March: "We will transition our revenue to a more diversified mix, improve our growth prospects, create sustainable value for our shareholders and provide a great experience for our new Frontier customers in California, Florida and Texas."Previously: Frontier Communications +2.4% as California wireline purchase moves ahead (Nov. 09 2015) Dec. 3, 2015, 3:31 PM | 8 Comments
Verizon declares $0.565 dividend
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) declares $0.565/share quarterly dividend, in line with previous.Forward yield 5.05%Payable Feb. 1; for shareholders of record Jan. 8; ex-div Jan. 6. Dec. 3, 2015, 1:30 PM | 10 Comments
Media companies linked to circling pack around Yahoo Internet business
While speculation about buyers for Yahoo's (NASDAQ:YHOO) core Internet business is focused on private equity, Yahoo's evolution as a media company means a number of media/telecom firms are in play for all or part of the business.A sale of the core business might not happen -- it's not the main purpose of Yahoo's meeting -- but on the other hand, a transaction would certainly value it at more than where it is locked up in Yahoo, which may be less than zero because of the investments in Alibaba and Yahoo Japan.Estimates vary widely on the Internet business' value, from just under $2B to as much as near $4B. Comcast (NASDAQ:CMCSA) could have room for that after it failed to acquire Time Warner Cable; it's been spreading out investments in a number of media and Internet companies this year, and it could lump in Yahoo's properties with its own Xfinity online video.Like Verizon (NYSE:VZ), another potential Yahoo Internet suitor, Comcast has also been shoring up its ad-tech bona fides with some 2015 acquisitions. Verizon could use Yahoo's data to present a better competitive face to Google and Facebook, though it would have redundancies to deal with.Other companies like News Corp. (NWS, NWSA) or Time Inc. (NYSE:TIME) may be more interested in some pieces of Yahoo's business rather than the whole. SunTrust analyst Robert Peck even considers AT&T (NYSE:T) and Walt Disney (NYSE:DIS) prospective buyers; Disney for tapping the data to market theme parts and movies, and AT&T trying to match up better against the Verizon/AOL combo.Previously: FT: P-E firms show interest in Yahoo's core business (updated) (Dec. 02 2015) Dec. 2, 2015, 9:42 PM | 15 Comments
Continuing wireless price wars to hold down margins
It won't be the most surprising development, but Moody's is forecasting that wireless price wars will prevent real expansion in industry margins in the coming year.The firm estimates revenues (including equipment) to grow 3-4% overall, but that EBITDA margins will expand about 1%.In a bid to steal customers from the top two -- AT&T (T -0.4%) and Verizon (VZ -1.4%) -- Sprint (S -2.1%) and T-Mobile (TMUS -0.9%) have been pushing aggressive promotions, from Sprint resurrecting a "cut your bill in half" idea to T-Mobile dangling $200 in front of Sprint switchers.AT&T won't be chasing customers this season, says Jefferies' Mike McCormack -- the company believes the subscriber base it's losing is coming from "mostly lower-value postpaid subscribers and prepaid," he says. Dec. 2, 2015, 3:42 PM | 26 Comments
FT: P-E firms show interest in Yahoo's core business (updated)
At least three unnamed P-E firms have explored buying Yahoo's (YHOO +6.5%) core Internet business in recent months, the FT reports. No formal talks have been held.The paper joins the WSJ in reporting Yahoo's board is exploring the sale of the core business this week amid tax concerns regarding the planned Alibaba stake spinoff. The business, pressured by display ad share loss and tough search competition from Google/Bing, had 2014 revenue (ex-TAC) $4.4B and op. income of $755M. Thanks in part to the restructuring of the Microsoft search deal, Q3 revenue fell 8% Y/Y to $1B.Re/code, for its part, downplays the WSJ's report. Though it says Yahoo's board will mull the status of the Alibaba spinoff following pressure from Starboard Value to sell the core business instead, it adds the spinoff remains set for early January for the time being, and that a CEO has been selected.The site also states Yahoo, which was recently reported to have hired McKinsey to help decide which businesses to keep/shutter, plans to "unload a number of units and cut resources to others also remaining in place."Yahoo remains sharply higher in response to the WSJ's report. Shares are still down 29% YTD.Update: Sources tell the WSJ Verizon (NYSE:VZ) and InterActiveCorp (NASDAQ:IACI) are among the companies that would "likely explore a purchase" of core Yahoo. P-E firm TPG Capital has reportedly "looked at buying media properties within Yahoo." Dec. 2, 2015, 1:44 PM | 12 Comments
WisdomTree LargeCap Dividend ETF (DLN) November Summary
November monthly performance was: +0.26% AUM of $1.75B52-week performance vs. the S&P 500 is: -4% $0.16 in dividends were paid in NovemberTop 10 Holdings as of 10/30/2015: Apple Inc (AAPL): 3.52%, Microsoft Corp (MSFT): 3.36%, Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM): 3.27%, General Electric Co (GE): 3.01%, AT&T Inc (T): 2.91%, Verizon Communications Inc (VZ): 2.75%, Johnson & Johnson (JNJ): 2.22%, Wells Fargo & Co (WFC): 2.15%, Chevron Corp (CVX): 2.1%, Pfizer Inc (PFE): 2.1%
Dec. 1, 2015, 7:09 AM
AOL President Lord leaving firm, wanting to run public company
Bob Lord, president of AOL (NYSE:VZ), is leaving the company in order to pursue ambitions of running a public company.Lord had joined AOL in summer 2013 and was being groomed to succeed CEO Tim Armstrong. But his path was blocked when AOL was acquired by Verizon in May.“That’s my sweet spot,” Lord said of running a public company. “That’s what I really want to do. I haven’t gone out in the market and looked yet. Right now, I’m committed to making sure things are tied up at AOL.”At AOL, Lord helped steer the company toward programmatic advertising. He'll likely stay at AOL through the end of the year but his exact departure is undetermined. Nov. 30, 2015, 4:42 PM | 1 Comment
Wells Fargo: AT&T likely to spend most, Verizon least, in spring airwaves auction
Wells Fargo has picked its winners in March's FCC broadcast incentive auction for wireless spectrum -- and it figures AT&T (T +0.2%) will dominate bidding that should total $30B-$35B.Analysts at the bank predict up to $10B spending coming from the telecom giant for a nationwide block of 2x10 MHz airwaves.T-Mobile (TMUS -3.7%) -- which has been signaling aggressive moves in the auction -- will be second, with $8B spent, the analysts said, while Verizon (VZ -0.6%) should be last with $5B in bids. Sprint (S -1.8%) has already said it's sitting this one out.While AT&T backtracked a bit on pledges to spend $9B while it was digesting DirecTV (NASDAQ:DTV), the analysts think the benefits of a nationwide block may signal higher spending from the company.Verizon, meanwhile, has credit to spend up to $10B, but probably won't: "Similar to what T has said publicly and based on our conversations with spectrum experts, we look for VZ to contribute in a meaningful way if 2x10MHz bands are made available."Previously: T-Mobile -2.2% as it pledges $200 for each Sprint line that switches (Nov. 25 2015)Previously: SoftBank spending: Arora on investment universe, Sprint worries (Nov. 24 2015) Nov. 25, 2015, 7:23 PM | 33 Comments
Macquarie: Fewer candidates for data-center buys
Data center operators probably aren't in a buying mood for facilities that might be for sale -- particularly CenturyLink's, Macquarie suggests in a new report -- but private-equity firms could come in with bids.CenturyLink (NYSE:CTL), the nation's third-largest local phone company, plans to sell 59 centers worldwide, and while Macquarie had thought Digital Realty Trust (NYSE:DLR) would get involved, analyst Kevin Smithen has changed his view after attending an industry trade show.He now doubts that a buyer will come from among Digital Realty, DuPont Fabros (NYSE:DFT), Equinix (NASDAQ:EQIX), CyrusOne (NASDAQ:CONE), CoreSite or QTS Realty, with a limited "pool of logical and capable buyers" for assets from CenturyLink, or from Verizon (NYSE:VZ) or AT&T (NYSE:T). But near term, "private equity seems like the most likely acquirer of assets this size."While CenturyLink assets are for sale, Verizon CFO Fran Shammo tried to shut down "speculative" reports that the company would pursue $10B in asset sales. Nov. 23, 2015, 8:34 PM | 3 Comments
Pennsylvania high court rules against Verizon in multimillion-dollar tax case
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) is down 0.8% after hours as the Pennsylvania Supreme Court has ruled 3-2 against the carrier in an 11-year-old multimillion-dollar state tax dispute.A ruling against Verizon would have wide implications for other companies, the Pennsylvania Telephone Association has argued.The dispute stems from revenues collected from installing private phone lines and providing directory assistance along with other repairs and services.It's unclear with the new ruling how much Verizon will have to pay, but the company filed a gross receipts tax report for 2004 that said it paid $74M. The state increased the owed amount by $48M, which was reduced to just under $10M on appeal.A Commonwealth Court ruling in 2013 said the company didn't owe the state for moving and changing lines, and services and repairs of phone lines. The state Supreme Court is now saying those costs are taxable. Nov. 19, 2015, 5:45 PM | 17 Comments
Facing customer drain, Verizon resets prepaid plans
Following in competitors' footsteps, Verizon (VZ +0.7%) is tweaking its prepaid plan lineup in an effort to reverse customer losses in an under-emphasized area.As with its postpaid data buckets (in clothing-like small, medium, large, XL sizes), the carrier is promoting a simple lineup with more entry-level options. For smartphones, $30/month gets data only via Wi-Fi; $45/month gets 1 GB and $60/month gets 3 GB/month.Those plans also have unlimited talk/text. Those signing up for automatic payment get an extra gigabyte of data per month.For basic phones, $15/month gets 300 voice minutes or messages, while $30/month gets unlimited talk/text/mobile Web. All plans have extra data packages ($5/500 MB; $10/1 GB; $20/3 GB).Verizon said it lost 80,000 prepaid customers in Q3, while AT&T and T-Mobile are showing strong net additions, and Sprint said it moved nearly 200K prepaid customers into its postpaid offerings. Nov. 19, 2015, 12:47 PM | 7 Comments
Verizon gets FCC waiver permitting Wi-Fi calling
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) customers could be headed for Wi-Fi calling after the company got an FCC waiver from rules requiring that hearing- and speech-impaired users got support under TTY over wireless IP.The waiver, which Verizon applied for last month, is essentially the same one that AT&T received after that carrier waged a contentious debate over Wi-Fi calling offered by Sprint and T-Mobile though those firms hadn't applied for such a waiver.Verizon's the last of the big four in this area. The FCC said the waiver expires Dec. 31, 2017.The company says it's working on a successor technology, real-time text (RTT), for reliable work in an IP environment.Previously: AT&T receives FCC waiver, to roll out Wi-Fi calling (Oct. 07 2015)Previously: AT&T pressing for FCC waiver for Wi-Fi calling; slams Sprint, T-Mobile (Oct. 02 2015) Nov. 18, 2015, 6:28 PM | 5 Comments
Verizon reinstating $20 activation fees on Sunday
Along with a price hike for its unlimited wireless phone plans on Sunday, Verizon (VZ -1.3%) is bringing back activation fees, instituting a $20 charge for new lines of service.The carrier had waived the fees just a few months ago when it abandoned phone subsidies and service contracts; they were $40 at the time for customers who signed two-year deals.AT&T (T -1.1%) charges a $15 fee for devices sold through its installment program, or $45 for a two-year contract or purchased device.Verizon is raising the price of its unlimited data plan by $20/month on Sunday, a move in line with recent ones by its competitors. Sprint (S +0.7%) raised its own unlimited data plan by $10/month at the end of September.At least Verizon waited until after T-Mobile's (TMUS +2%) "Un-carrier X" event to drop the news; T-Mo's John Legere is fond of lambasting competitors for broad line activation charges, though every carrier has one somewhere. Nov. 13, 2015, 6:49 PM | 14 Comments
Verizon noncommittal about low-band spectrum auction plans
Will they or won't they? With a crucial government auction in March of low-band airwaves inching nearer, Verizon (VZ +0.5%) continues to play coy about whether it will participate.CFO Fran Shammo told the Wells Fargo Technology, Media and Telecom Conference that the 600-MHz spectrum being auctioned was not a priority for the company and may even interfere with current 700-MHz holdings.Verizon's only using 40% of its spectrum portfolio to support LTE, Shammo said, putting the emphasis on higher-band frequencies (1.7/2.1 GHz, and refarming its 1.9 GHz bands).Of the big operators, only AT&T and T-Mobile are acting all-in; Sprint plans to sit it out due to a strong existing portfolio (and, surely, a cash crunch).Verizon had bid $10.4B in January's record $45B AWS-3 spectrum auction, after which it pursued selling wireline assets for about $10B to Frontier Communications.Previously: T-Mobile in pole position as smaller carriers start bailing out of auction (Oct. 15 2015)Previously: Analysts: Verizon, Dish Network could deal on spectrum this year (Sep. 21 2015)Previously: Verizon in no rush to buy more spectrum (Feb. 17 2015)Previously: FCC releases winners in record spectrum auction (Jan. 30 2015) Nov. 11, 2015, 5:23 PM
Verizon CFO: Reports of $10B in asset sales 'speculative'
Reports of Verizon (NYSE:VZ) refocusing on core business via up to $10B in asset sales are "speculative" and "conjecture," CFO Fran Shammo says, and that the company will continue to support its enterprise customers."There's no foundation behind these comments," Shammo said at an investor conference today.On Friday, Reuters reported that the company would look at unloading Terremar, its data center unit, and the former MCI, which serves Verizon's enterprise customers with wireline and Internet. The company is said to be working with Citigroup on a possible sale.Previously: Verizon rebounding on report it's considering $10B in asset sales (Nov. 06 2015) Nov. 10, 2015, 3:48 PM
Verizon rebounding on report it's considering $10B in asset sales
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) shares that were off as much as 2% are rebounding, now down just 1.1%, as Reuters reports that the carrier is exploring a sale of enterprise assets worth up to $10B.The move would be a refocus on core business, unloading its data center unit Terremark as well as the former MCI, which provides wireline/Internet for large business customers. Verizon had acquired MCI for $8.4B in 2006.Those businesses are suffering in comparison with more nimble cloud competitors amid heavy price competition.Citigroup is advising Verizon on a possible sale and CenturyLink (NYSE:CTL) was a bidder earlier this year, sources said. Verizon had prevailed over Qwest (now part of CenturyLink) in the battle to acquire MCI. Nov. 6, 2015, 1:14 PM | 21 Comments
Verizon expands board to 13, adding Merck chief Kley
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) has elected longtime Merck chairman and CEO Dr. Karl-Ludwig Kley to its board, effective today.The move brings Verizon's board to 13 members. Verizon chief Lowell McAdam cited Kley's "extensive expertise in corporate finance and critical capabilities in strategy and operations." Kley's not been named to a board committee yet.Kley has held the top roles at Germany's Merck since 2007. He had served as CFO at Deutsche Lufthansa from 1998 to 2006. Nov. 5, 2015, 2:40 PM | 9 Comments
Verizon wins NBA content for Go90 video service in multiyear deal
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) has clinched a multiyear deal to put NBA basketball content on its recently launched Go90 video service.The pact is a content and marketing partnership that will provide Go90 with daily highlights and original content, and out-of-market games via NBA League Pass (a premium service). The original content will include exclusive series for the platform.Verizon will also become the official wireless provider of the NBA as well as the WNBA, NBA Development League and USA Basketball, among other marketing partnerships (including the Verizon Slam Dunk Contest). Nov. 4, 2015, 11:45 AM
Verizon analyst meeting: Targeting 'GDP-plus' type of growth
Verizon (VZ -0.9%) is going to stay clear of major M&A, but will keep its eye on strategic options, and wants investors to start thinking of it as a "GDP-plus" type of growth company.That's some of the takeaways from the company's meeting with analysts at its headquarters late yesterday. After some flat service revenues in its Q3 earnings, the company had signaled that ads and data would be its next growth engine.That strategy includes its Go90 video service and "Internet of Things" revenue that's hit $500M this year with more investment coming from Verizon. The company said it expects new initiatives to contribute to GDP-plus revenue growth in 3-5 years. "Verizon is positioned to be the FedEx of the digital age," says Verizon chief Lowell McAdam.While other companies pursue tie-ups to catch up to a global move towards "quad-play" bundles (wireline, wireless, TV, broadband), McAdam questioned that, said BTIG's Walt Piecyk: "I have not seen any new info on this for 10 years.""Management was candid that behind its decisions is a recognition that it needs to disrupt its own business before someone else does and that it is moving to deploy assets to better meet the needs of millennials, which it noted are expected to account for 60% of the purchasing power in the U.S. by 2020," said Cowen's Colby Synesael, who says it's "hard to identify any near-term catalysts" to drive the stock.Shares are up 3.7% since earnings on Oct. 20. Nov. 3, 2015, 12:00 PM | 7 Comments
Verizon working to ease connected devices; IoT revenue at $500M in 2015
Verizon's (NYSE:VZ) "Internet of Things" revenue has hit $500M this year, and the company is planning as soon as Q1 to offer options with less overhead to ease adoption.Most devices that could talk to the Web don't, because of high connectivity costs, but Verizon's Mike Lanman says the company will work to make the service more mainstream.“The current network was built around smartphones,” Lanman said. “By lowering the cost of the modules and providing an offer where network access is more affordable,” the company could compete with Wi-Fi and convince gadget makers to put lifetime cellular access into the products themselves.IDC estimates there will be 30B connected devices around the world by 2020, and the market for the gadgets will hit $1.7T.“IoT isn’t going to be synonymous with cellular connectivity,” says IDC's Carrie MacGillivray, but Verizon “will move the needle a little bit." Oct. 28, 2015, 7:41 PM | 8 Comments
Verizon to cut jobs, reduce regional offices from 20 to six
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) has told employees it's going to reorganize its regional wireless operations, a move that will come with job cuts.The company didn't put a number to the job losses, though the company's 20 regional offices will be cut to six, says Verizon's Jim Gerace.Sales and store employees won't be affected.At Q3's end, Verizon employed 177,900 people.Previously: New York AG probing speeds at big broadband providers (Oct. 26 2015) Oct. 28, 2015, 5:27 PM | 26 Comments
New York AG probing speeds at big broadband providers
Saying he's "concerned," New York's attorney general is asking three Internet providers to prove that customers are getting the access speeds they were promised, especially on the higher end.Time Warner Cable (NYSE:TWC), Cablevision (NYSE:CVC) and Verizon (NYSE:VZ) have each gotten a request from AG Eric Schneiderman to provide some extensive details, on total broadband customers since 2011 and their service levels as well as customer complaints and copies of their interconnection deals."New Yorkers deserve the Internet speeds they pay for. But, it turns out, many of us may be paying for one thing, and getting another," the statement from Schneiderman's office says. The three companies each expressed confidence that they were providing speed as promised.The interconnection deals may be key to the probe, as past studies have shown that service tended to suffer where providers connected with longer-haul carriers. Oct. 26, 2015, 12:24 PM | 5 Comments
More steps taken toward safe drone integration
PrecisionHawk, Verizon (NYSE:VZ), Harris (NYSE:HRS) and DigitalGlobe (NYSE:DGI) have announced the successful completion of initial testing of high-performance airspace services to serve as a pathway for safe drone integration.The move puts together industry leaders in drones, cellular, aircraft surveillance and satellite imagery, to form the LATAS platform, which connects airspace safety technologies for the rapidly growing drone market. Oct. 26, 2015, 8:40 AM
AOL closes $248M deal for Millennial Media
AOL (VZ +0.7%) has closed its $248M deal for Millennial Media (NYSE:MM) after 80% of shareholders tendered shares by the midnight deadline.Millennial's now a wholly owned subsidiary and has stopped trading on the NYSE. Adding the company gives a boost to AOL's ONE ad network and, AOL says, "adds an incredibly talented team of mobile-first experts, many of whom will take on leadership and integral roles at AOL Platforms."Nine Millennial Media execs are taking roles at AOL, though CEO Michael Barrett departed the company.Previously: AOL/Verizon buying Millennial Media for $248M (Sep. 03 2015) Oct. 23, 2015, 10:42 AM | 2 Comments
Bloomberg: Comcast kicking off process for its own wireless service
Comcast (CMCSA -0.7%) is inching toward introducing its own wireless service, triggering part of a 2012 airwaves deal that lets it resell Verizon's (NYSE:VZ) service, Bloomberg reports.Verizon CFO Fran Shammo said during the company's earnings call yesterday that unnamed cable companies had said they'd execute their right to resell Verizon airwaves as part of the deal where Verizon bought spectrum from a cable consortium.Bloomberg says that Comcast plans a hybrid cellular/Wi-Fi service, not unlike Google's Project Fi and which would draw on Comcast's network of Wi-Fi hotspots that may be 10M strong.With notification of Verizon, Comcast could start a market trial within six months and offer it commercially by this time next year.Good for T-Mobile (TMUS -1.2%) either way? The carrier comes up in rumors about a Comcast merger -- though Comcast denied them earlier this year -- but in any cast, a Comcast entry would press the big two of AT&T (NYSE:T) and Verizon more. “This will be bad for the carriers, with the possible exception of T-Mobile, and good for cable,” says New Street Research's Jonathan Chaplin.And T-Mobile chief John Legere has been not-too-subtly dropping lines about a merger with his company: "You really believe that the Comcast future in wireless is to be an MVNO with Verizon? I mean, give me a break."Previously: Legere: T-Mobile will bid in auction; Verizon video a 'debacle' (Sep. 18 2015)Previously: Comcast source denies interest in T-Mobile purchase (Jun. 17 2015) Oct. 21, 2015, 4:18 PM | 9 Comments
HBO's Plepler: Cablecos are 'myopic' for snubbing HBO Now
Richard Plepler, CEO of HBO (NYSE:TWX), had talked nicely in the spring about whether the launch of stand-alone service HBO Now would antagonize the network's longtime cable partners: "We see this as an expansion of the pie, not cannibalistic at all of our current business."Now he's speaking a little more directly: “If you’re Brian [Roberts, CEO of Comcast (NASDAQ:CMCSA)] and you have 6M broadband subs, why would you not bundle HBO and share that revenue with us? Why would you give up that real estate and not be paid for it? I don’t understand it," Plepler said tonight in a keynote in Laguna Beach, Calif.Comcast, along with to-be-merged Charter (NASDAQ:CHTR) and Time Warner Cable (NYSE:TWC), don't offer HBO Now. Cablevision (NYSE:CVC) and Verizon (NYSE:VZ) do.In comments reported by Variety, Plepler went after distributors who were leaving money on the table: “Some of our partners are not as skilled at that, and I think that’s myopic on their part,” he said.Previously: HBO CEO: Direct streaming a play for millennials (Mar. 31 2015)Previously: HBO-Apple deal a year in the making; cable partners still a challenge (Mar. 09 2015) Oct. 20, 2015, 11:27 PM | 4 Comments
Verizon +1.4% after earnings beat; looking to next growth engine: ads
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) is up 1.4% after this morning's earnings beat in which it grew subscribers -- though mitigated by repricing that is sweeping the industry as companies move to device installments. Average revenue per account and wireless service revenue did decline slightly.With wireless service maturing, the company is starting to invest in the market for eyeballs, with data its "next big growth engine," analyst Craig Moffett notes: "Verizon is turning its attention to its vast trove of information about the comings and goings of its 100M wireless users ... Their goal is to reinvent the advertising business."The launch of its video service Go90 is a step toward that, though Verizon was mum today about the number of signups. On the company's earnings call, CFO Fran Shammo did say "We are starting to see a number of encouraging revisits to the platform on a daily basis" to check on a pair of its exclusive shows, Top Five Live and Betch. Of course, looking at Verizon's results has also gotten more complicated with new device installment accounting that lets them book more revenue for hardware up front -- and get a bigger margin boost from new subscribers.Asked about whether the company might reconsider leasing with a couple of competitors pushing it aggressively, Shammo said: "I am not interested in a rental program. We are not seeing any impact from those programs from the competitors in our base."Previously: Verizon up 0.7%; grows earnings, adds 1.3M postpaid subs (Oct. 20 2015) Oct. 20, 2015, 2:46 PM | 2 Comments
Verizon up 0.7%; grows earnings, adds 1.3M postpaid subs
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) is up 0.7% premarket following the release of Q3 results where it grew earnings substantially and added 1.3M postpaid subscribers amid hot competition.Unsurprisingly, though, average revenue per account came under pressure in an environment where wireless firms scrambled to discount plans to win iPhone users.Revenues by segment: Service revenues, $28.9B (down 0.8%); wireless equipment, $4.29B (up 73.1%). Revenues from AOL are included; excluding AOL, revenues would have grown 3.1%.Added 1.3M net retail postpaid connections; churn fell 7 bps to 0.93%. Total retail connections were 110.8M, with 105M total retail postpaid connections. ARPA fell to $152.38 from Q2's $153.73 and a year-ago $161.24.In wireline, 114K FiOS Internet net additions and 42K FiOS video net adds, both up Q/Q and up 7.2% and 5% Y/Y respectively.Cash flow from operations rose to $28.4B from a year-ago $23.2B. Oct. 20, 2015, 9:11 AM | 1 Comment
Verizon beats by $0.02, beats on revenue
Verizon (NYSE:VZ): Q3 EPS of $1.04 beats by $0.02.Revenue of $33.16B (+5.0% Y/Y) beats by $220M. Oct. 20, 2015, 7:32 AM | 9 Comments
Notable earnings before Tuesday’s open
ATI, BK, CP, DOV, EAT, EDU, FCFS, FITB, HOG, LMT, NVR, OMC, PLD, PNR, RF, SBNY, SNV, TRV, TTS, UTX, VZ, WWW Oct. 19, 2015, 5:30 PM
MS: Still opportunity for cablecos targeting DSL firms AT&T, CenturyLink
Customer dissatisfaction with copper-based broadband is a threat for firms like AT&T (NYSE:T) and CenturyLink (NYSE:CTL), Morgan Stanley says, noting a ripe opportunity for cable companies.Though cable firms (CMCSA, CHTR, TWC, Cox) dominate broadband already, there's upside for them if they target providers of DSL, IPTV and even satellite broadcasters like DirecTV and Dish Network (NASDAQ:DISH) which resell DSL service.The conclusions are based on Morgan Stanley's August-September survey of homes on broadband and TV services.Cable customers got faster speeds on average -- 38 Mbps, vs. 21 Mbps for DSL -- and "U-verse and AT&T DSL had especially weak satisfaction results, and satellite pay-TV subscribers' broadband satisfaction fell materially year over year."Meanwhile, FiOS (NYSE:VZ) customers were happier and saw nearly 30 Mbps service on average. Oct. 16, 2015, 7:02 PM | 18 Comments
FCC probing four companies in $20B business data market
The FCC is probing four companies -- AT&T (T +1%), Verizon (VZ +0.1%), CenturyLink (CTL -0.7%) and Frontier Communications (FTR -1.9%) -- over terms they set for business broadband, the dedicated mission-critical lines that make everything from schools to ATMs work.That's a $20B market, and competitors including Sprint (NYSE:S), Level 3 (NYSE:LVLT) and Cogent (NASDAQ:CCOI), along with Amazon.com and others, are complaining about unfair lock-ups with large early termination fees.The FCC has found "potentially unjust and unreasonable practices" that rise to the level of an investigation. It says the four companies it's probing use plans with “a complicated web of all-or-nothing bundling, loyalty and term commitments, complex enforcing penalties” and other provisions, and asked them to respond by Dec. 18.In a mailed statement, industry group USTelecom (of which the four companies are members) says the investigation is a "rear-view mirror" approach. “Although the FCC says that it wants to be a data-driven agency, promote facilities-based competition, and incent broadband investment, it just can’t seem to get beyond its telephone-era mindset when it comes to regulating 20th century legacy services," says USTelecom President Walter McCormick. Oct. 16, 2015, 5:07 PM | 24 Comments
Nomura bullish on wireless picks AT&T, T-Mobile; neutral on VZ, S
A review of U.S. wireless operators has Nomura making AT&T (T +0.9%) and T-Mobile (TMUS +2.1%) its top picks, with a more subdued outlook on Verizon (VZ, flat) and Sprint (S -1.1%).The firm has Buy ratings on T and TMUS, and is Neutral on VZ and S.The companies' reactions to a modest growth future vary widely, says Jeffrey Kvaal. Verizon and AT&T are taking two radically different paths into video, while Sprint and T-Mobile go after share gain -- helped by the fact that the incumbents are unlikely to lower their prices.DirecTV synergies should more than offset some share loss at AT&T, and the firm faces modest video subscriber erosion, he says. Meanwhile, T-Mobile should be able to maintain share gains and EBITDA expansion with its aggressive approach.As for Verizon, "visibility beyond a sideways 2016 is limited," and Sprint continues to face a balance sheet strain though its improving network and pricing models have put it "on the brink of a true revival story."Price targets: For AT&T, $39 (closed yesterday at $33.49, 16.5% implied upside); for T-Mobile, $48 (closed yesterday at $39.94, 20% implied upside); for Verizon, $47 (closed yesterday at $44.67, 5% implied upside); for Sprint, $4 (closed yesterday at $4.27). Oct. 16, 2015, 10:33 AM | 17 Comments
T-Mobile brings back popular family-plan promotion
T-Mobile (TMUS -1.6%) has brought back its 10 GB four-line family plan in what may be a harbinger of the wireless war heating up for the holidays.The plan -- $120/month for four lines, 10 GB of data -- is reminiscent of more aggressive plans ended this summer, from Verizon ($80 for 10 GB) and T-Mobile ($100 for 10 GB).Quieter AT&T (T -0.2%), meanwhile, "seems to be taking a more passive strategy, with a distinct focus on subscriber retention, ARPU (average revenue per user) preservation and setting the stage for growth and cross leverage opportunities as it integrates the DirecTV asset," says Barclays' Amir Rozwadowski.Including tablets, Rozwadowski is forecasting that Verizon (VZ -0.7%) will add 1.15M postpaid subscribers this quarter, followed by T-Mobile (1.07M), AT&T (300K) and Sprint (S -2.9%) with 270K.Verizon is first up among quarterly reporters next Tuesday. Oct. 14, 2015, 3:04 PM | 13 Comments
Cowen looks at telecom struggles with cloud hosting
In Cowen's new look at telecoms, it took up the issue of how telecom service providers face their struggles with cloud computing.Many providers have struggled as newcomers to the business, analyst Gregory Williams wrote. Investors have pressured CenturyLink (NYSE:CTL) to sell its hosting business -- it bought data-center operator Savvis for $2.5B -- but "management remains adamant that the colocation/hosting business is a key differentiator and integral growth driver of the story."Wireless leaders have the same issues, he says. "It would not be surprising for Verizon (NYSE:VZ) and/or AT&T (NYSE:T) to sell some or all of its nonstrategic (and underperforming) colo/hosting business assets ... At a recent sell-side event, Verizon management acknowledged that its Terremark assets served a specific niche effectively (enterprise/gov't security and manageability) but cannot compare to more comprehensive cloud assets in the marketplace."Verizon bought Terremark for $1.4B four years ago.Previously: Frontier Communications +2% as Cowen praises dividend, launches at Buy (Oct. 13 2015) Oct. 13, 2015, 10:00 PM | 7 Comments
CWA running ads to criticize Verizon FiOS rollout ahead of hearing
Amid a lengthy labor dispute, the Communications Workers of America has launched new TV ads slamming Verizon (NYSE:VZ) with New York City's audit of the carrier's FiOS rollout.The audit, which Verizon disputed, found that Verizon had failed to meet a 2008 promise to deliver its high-speed network to everyone in the city who wanted it.The CWA ads say that New Yorkers "in Bed-Stuy, the Bronx and neighborhoods in between" have been asking for FiOS "and getting the runaround."It's all to add pressure ahead of a City Council hearing on Wednesday that will listen to residents, the city adminstration and Verizon.CWA workers had voted to approve a strike this summer. The union also said Verizon was refusing to fix broken landlines, instead steering customers to its wireless Voice Link service. "It's pure nonsense to say we're abandoning our copper networks," Verizon had replied in June.Previously: NYC criticizes slow Verizon fiber rollout (Jun. 17 2015)Previously: Union accuses Verizon of leaving landlines broken (Jun. 09 2015) Oct. 13, 2015, 6:30 PM | 7 Comments
Verizon likely frontrunner for government's FirstNet project
Evercore adds its voice to the chorus that says Verizon (NYSE:VZ) has the lead on AT&T (NYSE:T) to build out FirstNet, the government's planned public-safety wireless broadband network.FirstNet's board is reportedly looking at only "national deployment" offers from companies that respond to a request for proposals due out by year-end -- which means it likely won't be split among the big four wireless firms.The project, focused on emergency first responders, is expected to cost $20B-$30B, and states can opt out of it."Verizon already has a rural partnership program — which allows rural carriers to use Verizon's 700 MHz spectrum in building out their markets with LTE," notes Evercore's Jonathan Schildkraut. Oct. 12, 2015, 2:16 PM | 10 Comments
Verizon raising price on its unlimited-data plan
Following on a Sprint move to raise the price of its unlimited data plan by $10/month, Verizon (VZ +0.4%) says it's hiking the price of its grandfathered unlimited-data plans by $20/month.That's set to take effect Nov. 15, though those on a two-year unlimited-data contract will get to see their rates play out.The move is likely a not too subtle nudge toward the company's tiered plans for those who still have unlimited data. Verizon says "most of our customers (99%)" aren't on unlimited plans. Oct. 8, 2015, 2:55 PM | 34 Comments
Verizon's Go90 video service enters app charts after wide launch
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) has gone live with its Go90 mobile video service, and today the app jumped into the No. 14 spot in iOS Entertainment.That's a spot well behind Netflix and Hulu, but ahead of Comcast's Xfinity TV Go and HBO Now.The company planned an $80M marketing blitz to support the launch, and says it has a content library of 8,000 titles and 35 exclusive original series.The app is free to all, meaning advertising will be the moneymaker -- and so the quality of content will be king. Go90 got more than $50M in ad commitments including an upfront deal with its exclusive agency partner Publicis Groupe (OTCQX:PUBGY +1.4%).With few long-form shows at the moment, Go90 is competing less with OTT services like Netflix, Hulu or HBO Now, and more with YouTube, Snapchat and other Webby services.Jefferies noted after meeting with AOL's Tim Armstrong that Verizon wants to grow into a "leading scaled OTT provider serving millions of customers while also becoming a top 3 player in the mobile advertising marketplace." Oct. 2, 2015, 8:41 PM | 6 Comments
Cablevision, Verizon settle on lengthy ad/legal battle
Is it over? A seemingly endless legal back-and-forth over Internet speed advertising between Cablevision (CVC +0.7%) and Verizon (VZ -0.6%) looks to be settled after months of claims and counterclaims.Cablevision sued Verizon in January over ads for the "fastest Wi-Fi available," beginning a series of attack ads and legal maneuvers between the two, including a new suit in May and a transferred case in June.August brought a win for Verizon with a temporary restraining order against Cablevision's ads.Cablevision may be settling all (Dolan) family business now that it has a deal in place to be bought by France's Altice. Oct. 2, 2015, 1:58 PM
Analyst: Dish spectrum surrender keeps Verizon options open
Despite earlier thoughts that Dish Network's (DISH -0.7%) Charlie Ergen would sue or pay up over the denied $3.3B small-business discounts in the FCC spectrum auction, the company and affiliates decided to surrender spectrum for re-auction.That might mean a deal with Verizon (VZ -0.4%) isn't dead, though, Jefferies analyst Mike McCormack notes, as the surrendered blocks are closer to spectrum owned by AT&T and T-Mobile, whereas "It is possible that the selected licenses were chosen in such a fashion as to not impact a potential future sale of the portfolio to Verizon."After meeting with Verizon execs this week, he heard again that the company isn't interested in an outright acquisition of Dish. "Verizon would be open to a transaction for the spectrum, but not at any cost," he writes. "(Verizon CFO Fran Shammo) pointed out that a wholesale spectrum lease model would be a very complex transaction and that Verizon would prefer a transaction that offered perpetual benefits."The surrendered airwaves are likely to be re-auctioned in the broadcast incentive auction set for March 29, and Dish will be eligible to re-bid for them.Previously: WSJ: Dish affiliates returning some auctioned wireless spectrum (Oct. 01 2015) Oct. 2, 2015, 1:34 PM | 3 Comments
Sprint boosting price of unlimited data plan
Sprint (S +2.7%) is going to kick up the cost of its unlimited data plan, formerly $60/month, to $70/month, showing that unlimited data plans may be testing sustainability at the wireless carriers.That's still the best U.S. postpaid deal for that plan, and current customers will be grandfathered in at the $60/month rate. The price changes for new customers Oct. 16.T-Mobile (TMUS +0.6%) sells an unlimited data plan for $80/month, and AT&T (T +1.5%) and Verizon (VZ -0.1%) don't offer one.Sprint CEO Marcelo Claure has alluded to the strain of unlimited data, as well as wishes to bump customers toward the tiered data plans.Earlier, Sprint pursued limiting video download speeds, but has removed such restrictions as customers pushed back. Sep. 30, 2015, 5:15 PM | 36 Comments
Verizon joins iPhone promo skirmish, introduces annual upgrade program
With wireless carriers fighting over new iPhone deals seemingly every few hours, Verizon (NYSE:VZ) is responding to the scrum with Sprint and T-Mobile and now offering customers a program to upgrade their iPhone annually.So long as users have paid off at least half their device's cost and turn in their current device, they'll be eligible to upgrade each year without waiting for their contract to end."If you’re not interested in upgrading, you still have the option to pay your phone off in 24 low monthly payments," Verizon says in its release, warning about "surprise balloon payments" with competitors.Customers who pre-ordered the iPhone 6s or 6s Plus under Verizon's Device Payment installment option are automatically enrolled.Earlier, T-Mobile (NYSE:TMUS) introduced an iPhone lease plan as low as $5/month, and Sprint (NYSE:S) responded with an all-night number crunch to create today's $1/month lease plan.In after-hours action: VZ +0.1%; S -0.2%; TMUS unchanged. Sep. 24, 2015, 7:24 PM | 25 Comments
Evercore: Sprint, T-Mobile could merge network assets into a REIT
With most observers thinking any theoretical merger between T-Mobile (TMUS -1.1%) and Sprint (S +0.3%) would have to wait until a new U.S. administration (and John Legere saying "Oh yeah ... the only possible coming together of Sprint and T-Mobile is if we pick them up off the sidewalk"), analysts at Evercore say the two could combine network assets.It would be a sort of a merger, into a new company (a REIT in particular) that would hold their network resources. Bigger investments at lower cost would come, along with a speedier network once spectrum assets were blended.Given up, of course, would be the chance to differentiate, and snipe the rival over network power.Combined, the two control 255 MHz of spectrum, more than the 147 MHz at AT&T (T -0.9%) or the 116 MHz of Verizon (VZ -0.9%). A new "NetCo" would rent the network back to the two, as well as possibly others, and support MVNO customers.As a final entry in the "pro" column, the analysts note a combined network would make any future merger more headache-free. Sep. 22, 2015, 7:24 PM | 21 Comments
Wireless store traffic: T-Mobile, Sprint gaining on AT&T, Verizon
Traffic checks of U.S. wireless carriers by Pacific Crest's Michael Bowen show slowness for the leaders and some momentum for challengers.Verizon (VZ -1%) was "slow" and AT&T (T -0.9%) "somewhat weak" in the past month heading into a key iPhone announcement. Verizon saw a lower amount of pre-orders for the iPhone and was coming off a data plan re-sizing; AT&T is lower-key about pushing phone upgrades, though tablet promotions are going well and customers are responding to DirecTV bundles.Meanwhile, promotions are bearing fruit at T-Mobile (TMUS -1.9%) and Sprint (S -1%). T-Mobile traffic was "strong," Bowen says, with employees optimistic about iPhone pre-orders and new financing plans. Meanwhile, most Sprint stores met or beat August goals and expect the same for September, as the "iPhone forever" leasing plan is showing strong demand. Sep. 22, 2015, 12:46 PM | 31 Comments
Analysts: Verizon, Dish Network could deal on spectrum this year
Verizon (VZ +0.5%) could go for a lease of Dish Network's (DISH +2.4%) valuable spectrum haul by the end of this year, analysts at New Street Research believe.At Goldman Sachs' Communacopia conference last week, Verizon chief Lowell McAdam signaled that the company would be interested in talking with Dish about the airwaves, including a megabytes-for-spectrum swap. "Verizon seemed to shift their tone on Dish's spectrum last week, which we think potentially sets up a transaction between now and year end," writes New Street.The analysts think it would be difficult for Verizon to pay cash for the lease considering its debt. They believe Dish's spectrum is worth $63B, with the AWS-3 and AWS-4 airwaves worth $53B in themselves.The timing of the deal could be accelerated by a likely quiet period that the FCC could impose over spectrum negotiation, from the end of this year until mid-2016.The FCC is planning a broadcast incentive spectrum auction for March 29. Sep. 21, 2015, 8:33 PM | 2 Comments
Legere: T-Mobile will bid in auction; Verizon video a 'debacle'
Along with delivering expectations of strong customer growth, T-Mobile (TMUS -1.5%) CEO John Legere said the company would aggressively take part in the upcoming broadcast incentive spectrum auction.Legere also didn't disappoint when it came to talking down competitors, predicting failure for Verizon's (VZ -1.4%) freshly launching mobile video service."I do think this Go90 could be the biggest debacle," he said at Goldman Sachs' Communacopia. "I mean it's right up there with the Amazon Fire phone, the Facebook phone, you remember that?"Another Legere trademark: Opining on consolidation that could include T-Mobile. "You really believe that the Comcast (CMCSA -1.8%) future in wireless is to be an MVNO with Verizon? I mean, give me a break. ... The timing of when the cable players come into the wireless phase — it's purely determined by who blinks first."Previously: T-Mobile up as Legere sees 'significant' Q3 customer growth (Sep. 18 2015)Previously: Verizon's McAdam: Earnings plateau in 2016, then off to races (Sep. 17 2015)Previously: Verizon rolling out Go90 video service in beta program (Sep. 08 2015) Sep. 18, 2015, 5:43 PM | 5 Comments
Verizon roams into Cuba
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) will begin offering roaming wireless service in Cuba next week, becoming the first U.S. company to do so.Currently, visiting Americans must purchase plans through state-owned Empresa de Telecomunicaciones de Cuba to have cellular service on the island, or have a cellphone account in a third country.The news comes on the same day Cuba said its first ambassador to the U.S. since 1961 presented his credentials at the White House. Sep. 18, 2015, 2:48 AM | 15 Comments
Verizon's McAdam: Earnings plateau in 2016, then off to races
Earnings growth may be a ways off for Verizon (NYSE:VZ) -- more from a company transformation than any pressure from competitors, says CEO Lowell McAdam."I see a plateauing, if you will, between '15 and '16," McAdam said at Goldman Sachs' Communacopia conference. "And then I see '17, we move back into the growth trajectory."Much of that expectation had been baked in by analysts, but the stock fell 2.3% today just the same.He attributed the flatness to digesting change at Verizon: the rise of equipment installment plans ("a big shift from service revenue to total revenue ... the banks have been very supportive of it, but it changes the profile of your cash flows"), the sale of wirelines to Frontier to focus on the Northeast, and its moves with the Go90 video service and acquisitions of AOL and Millennial Media.The wireline operations in California, Florida and Texas were "very profitable properties for us and they will do well with Frontier, but we thought we needed to move those into someone else's hands so that we can focus on that Northeast corridor." Sep. 17, 2015, 4:11 PM | 10 Comments
Dish Network gets extra time from FCC on $3B spectrum issue
Dish Network (NASDAQ:DISH) is up 3.7% amid news that it's getting extra time from the FCC on the dispute over its $3B in wireless spectrum auction discounts.The FCC had released an order denying the discounts to Dish in August. The agency is giving Dish until Oct. 1 to submit payment or a credit letter, after Dish noted "new and complex business issues" in asking for extra time.There's been a hint of buyout chatter around the satellite broadcaster; meanwhile, Verizon's (NYSE:VZ) Lowell McAdam says they'll talk to Dish about spectrum but not buying the whole company.Previously: FCC votes to deny Dish Network $3.3B in small-business credit (Aug. 17 2015)Previously: Dish's Ergen: May not keep spectrum haul if discounts denied (Aug. 05 2015) Sep. 17, 2015, 1:20 PM | 3 Comments
AT&T, Verizon expanding presence in Best Buy stores
AT&T (T +0.9%) and Verizon (VZ +1.6%) have both said they're amping up their footprint in Best Buy stores, meaning more products and more service.Verizon's begun its expansion already, and plans to have 100 locations done by month's end. The areas are "geared to showcase connected lifestyles – such as wearable tech, computing on the go and connected home – and the devices and plans that make these lifestyles a reality," said Verizon's John Colaiuti.Both companies plan to have expanded their new approaches to all 250 stores by the end of 2015.Meanwhile, in a review of U.S. wireless firms, Morgan Stanley has reiterated its Overweight rating on Verizon, and an Equal Weight rating on AT&T. Sep. 15, 2015, 4:49 PM | 2 Comments
Cablevision -2.7% as Citi maintains Sell, skeptical of Altice buyout
Cablevision Systems (CVC -2.7%) is up more than 32% YTD, but Citigroup's sticking to its "contrarian" view that its movement of late is based on unlikely acquisition hopes.The firm's Jason Bazinet has a $21 price target on the shares along with a Sell rating. Shares closed today at $27.29 -- an implied downside of 23%.The stock's performance, he says, may be due to investor hopes that Altice (OTCPK:ATCEY) -- the french telecom that acquired Suddenlink -- could snap up Cablevision. But Citigroup thinks a target of the FiOS/wireline business of Cablevision competitor Verizon (NYSE:VZ) is far more likely.Without a sale, though, he figures fair value at $18/share for Cablevision, vs. $34/share with a sale.That's due to the firm's 25% probability of an Altice acquisition: "In effect, if Altice acquires Cablevision, we see $6 upside to the stock. But, if Altice acquires Verizon [wirelines], we see $10 downside in Cablevision's shares. That's a risk-reward we don't find attractive." In any case, CVC won't trade sideways, he says, with some kind of sale likely eventually.Previously: Cablevision up 7.2% as buy-minded Drahi drops name (Jul. 10 2015)Previously: Cablevision up 11% following Altice/Suddenlink tie-up (May. 20 2015) Sep. 10, 2015, 4:43 PM | 4 Comments
Wells Fargo: T-Mobile, Sprint get edge with new iPhone financing approach
Aside from the usual feature hype of Apple's new iPhones, it's the company's new financing plans that throw an interesting wrinkle at service providers, who have usually financed phones -- and some analysts figure T-Mobile (TMUS +0.6%) and Sprint (S -1.2%) have an edge with the new arrangement.Wells Fargo's Jennifer Fritzsche notes the two have cheaper ways of getting the phone: T-Mobile's monthly offering of $20-$24/month, even with optional insurance of $8/month, still beats Apple's cheapest $32/month by $4. Meanwhile, Sprint's 24-month "iPhone forever" offering is $22/month (or even cheaper, $15/month, for those jumping this year).The carriers have more comprehensive insurance as well, since AppleCare doesn't cover lost or stolen phones.Switching carriers gets easier with Apple's new approach, to which leaders AT&T (T -0.1%) and Verizon (VZ +0.1%) are most vulnerable, she says. “However, we note that the vast majority (90%+) of T and VZ’s customer base is on corporate or family plans, which tend to be the stickiest customers.”Meanwhile, at T-Mobile, John Legere is now pushing a "lifetime coverage guarantee" that offers refunds for device payments for unhappy iPhone 6s and 6s Plus buyers who use the carrier's Jump On Demand device plan, along with getting an unlocked device.Previously: Sprint up 3.4% as it introduces plan to upgrade iPhones anytime (Aug. 17 2015) Sep. 10, 2015, 3:20 PM | 19 Comments
Verizon rolling out Go90 video service in beta program
Verizon's (VZ +2.4%) Go90 app is rolling out in beta, promising hours of free video content to users no matter their wireless subscriber -- and also stoking hopes of getting subscribers hooked on still-expensive mobile data.Video streaming in 4G takes up about 350 MB/hour, which would eat up the allotment in Verizon's smallest plan (1 GB) in no time.A successful launch will also mean a chance to sell millennial-focused advertising, though the service will not use ad-tech from AOL (at least, not yet; the AOL purchase was considered a key part of any upcoming video service).Verizon has no plans to offer a subscription-based Go90, though it may grow from being only a mobile app to TV-connected platforms.Previously: Verizon announces ambitious 5G timetable; to start field tests next year (Sep. 08 2015) Sep. 8, 2015, 9:17 PM
Verizon announces ambitious 5G timetable; to start field tests next year
Verizon (VZ +2%), a pioneer in the spread of 4G wireless networks, has set an initial roadmap for a rollout of 5G technology and says it will start field trials in 2016.That should bring some quickness to adoption of a service that was expected to be widely available in the U.S. after 2020 and would bring data speeds 30-50 times faster than 4G/LTE, comparable to gigabit broadband..The carrier says the field tests would mean "some level of commercial deployment" by 2017, which could spur competitors to raise their own plans."5G is no longer a dream of the distant future," says Roger Gurnani, Verizon's chief information and technology architect.The company has spectrum it needs for field tests but will need more airwaves space to go beyond that. Sep. 8, 2015, 9:49 AM | 19 Comments
Verizon declares $0.565 dividend
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) declares $0.565/share quarterly dividend, 2.7% increase from prior dividend of $0.55.Forward yield 4.92%Payable Nov. 2; for shareholders of record Oct. 9; ex-div Oct. 7. Sep. 3, 2015, 12:43 PM | 15 Comments
AOL/Verizon buying Millennial Media for $248M
Less than two months after TechCrunch reported a deal could happen, Verizon-owned (NYSE:VZ) AOL has announced it's acquiring mobile ad network owner Millennial Media (NYSE:MM) for $1.75/share, or $248M. The price represents a 30.6% premium to Millennial's Wednesday close, but is still well below a 52-week high of $2.40, and over 90% below Millennial's 2012 highs.The deal expands AOL's supply-side (publisher-facing) mobile ad footprint, including within international markets. Millennial claims over 65K apps are on its platform, and that it has over 800M "proprietary, anonymous user profiles" for ad targeting. It follows AOL's display ad deal with Microsoft, and comes ahead of the launch of Verizon's Go90 mobile video service.For Millennial, the deal provides an exit for a company that has been losing mobile ad share to the likes of Google, Facebook, Apple, and Twitter. It's expected to close this fall.MM +30% to $1.74. Sep. 3, 2015, 9:15 AM | 6 Comments
FCC approves Frontier's $10.5B purchase of Verizon wirelines
The FCC has approved Frontier Communications' (FTR +3%) $10.54B purchase of wireline operations in California, Florida and Texas from Verizon (VZ +1.1%).The deal, which Verizon undertook in the wake of its $10.4B in bids in the AWS-3 wireless spectrum auction, had previously received approval from the Dept. of Justice.It still needs approval from public utilities commissions in California and Texas, though the key hurdles are behind it. The companies expect to close the transaction at the end of Q1 2016.Frontier focused on the broadband offerings it could bring: "By doubling our size, we will add scale and scope to our operations, strengthen our product and service offerings, and improve the customer experience," said Frontier CEO Daniel McCarthy. "Our goal is to deliver the life-changing benefits of broadband to an additional 750,000 households at speeds of 25Mbps/2-3Mbps across the entire Frontier multi-state footprint, including California, Florida and Texas, by the end of 2020." Sep. 2, 2015, 6:05 PM | 10 Comments
Verizon streaming NFL games to all service plans
After CBS announced its ramp-up of NFL streaming to a new high level, Verizon (VZ +0.5%) announces that all of its plans will include live streaming of NFL games.Via NFL Mobile, the carrier will stream Sunday local games along with Thursday Night Football, Sunday Night Football and Monday Night Football contests, including streaming access to NFL Network.It's available for no cost, though data usage applies.Meanwhile, Go90, the carrier's over-the-top video service promised for a late-summer launch, is expected in "coming days." The service is expected to feature content from partners including Discovery Communications, Vice Media, Scripps Networks Interactive, ESPN, CBS Sports, AwesomenessTV and AOL among others.Previously: CBS plans record NFL streaming broadcasts, including Super Bowl (Sep. 01 2015) Sep. 2, 2015, 3:42 PM | 18 Comments
NYC considering suing Verizon over slow fiber rollout
New York City officials are considering a lawsuit against Verizon (NYSE:VZ) in an ongoing battle over the buildout obligations set in the company's 2008 FiOS franchise deal."If that's what we have to do, then that's what we'll do," said Maya Wiley, chief lawyer for Mayor Bill de Blasio, noting they're working with Verizon and would like to avoid litigation.Verizon has pointed to landlords' restrictions as a headwind in building fiber-to-the-home service in more areas of New York City.A June audit by the City found Verizon failed to deliver on a promise to get fiber-topic service to anyone who wants it by 2014. Aug. 28, 2015, 8:03 PM | 22 Comments
BT Group: Regulate access prices charged by AT&T, Verizon
BT Group's (BT -4%) Americas president has charged Verizon (NYSE:VZ) and AT&T (NYSE:T) with hurting competitors by abusing landline monopolies, and called for tough regulations to force access to the networks.The UK telecom serves hundreds of customers in the U.S. but pays to reach the "special access network" -- the portion that goes the last mile into homes and offices -- of which Verizon and AT&T control about 80%.The FCC requested data from telecoms on the special access networks last year. BT's Bas Burger points to research suggesting the top two U.S. telecoms are overcharging for that access by about $9B/year.Burger is calling for regulated prices there. “For a western world country it is the worst I’ve seen."“There is not sufficient regulation to create competition," he says; "almost all access is being provided by two companies and they have divided the country among themselves.” Aug. 24, 2015, 11:38 AM | 16 Comments
Oppenheimer: Comcast may be most likely buyer for T-Mobile
At least one end result of media consolidation will be all of the big four wireless firms linking up (via merger or alliances) with pay TV, says Oppenheimer's Tim Horan, with a prediction for the four survivors: AT&T, Verizon, Sprint -- and Comcast."Regardless of the timing, we expect all four wireless carriers to align with a paid TV provider in some form," Horan says. He writes that Oppenheimer sees Comcast (NASDAQ:CMCSA) and T-Mobile (NYSE:TMUS) aligning somehow, though Comcast denied interest in outright acquiring the carrier in June.Comcast's hand might be forced by AT&T's (NYSE:T) plans for product bundling now that it's closed on DirecTV (NASDAQ:DTV). Charter (NASDAQ:CHTR) -- currently busy trying to acquire Time Warner Cable (NYSE:TWC) -- could deal for wireless as well, as it expands its public Wi-Fi.Horan also thinks that Verizon (NYSE:VZ) might be the only real buyer for Dish Network's (NASDAQ:DISH) spectrum haul, which might come on the block after the FCC denied Dish $3.3B in spectrum-auction discounts. Oppenheimer sees only a 10% chance that Dish buys T-Mobile.SoftBank had explored a sale of Sprint (NYSE:S) to TV providers including Comcast and Altice, unsuccessfully, and a potential merger with T-Mobile is considered at least as far off as the 2016 presidential election. Aug. 20, 2015, 7:29 PM | 21 Comments
Verizon tops RootScore carrier performance rankings again
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) led in overall network performance rankings again, according to the first-half report by analytics firm RootMetrics, though Sprint's network investments may be paying off.Across the board, the results were similar to the last few analyses by the firm. In nationwide performance tests, Verizon took five wins to AT&T's (NYSE:T) one. In state-by-state looks, Verizon grabbed 253 wins/ties, to AT&T's 95. Sprint (NYSE:S) took 25 and T-Mobile (NYSE:TMUS) zero.Metro areas show more variation, but Verizon prevailed overall there too, with 512 wins/ties. AT&T logged 441, T-Mobile 221, and Sprint 180.The tests resulted in a RootScore of 94.5 for Verizon, followed by AT&T's 91.8. Sprint finished third with 87.5, and T-Mobile brought up the rear there, with 82. In the first half of 2014, T-Mobile was third in those rankings to Sprint's fourth place. Aug. 18, 2015, 7:54 PM | 6 Comments
Sprint falls in line, will do away with contracts
Another brick falls from the contract-wireless wall, as Sprint (S +10.1%) CEO Marcelo Claure tells The Wall Street Journal that the carrier will do away with contracts and shift to a leased-smartphone model by year's end.Sprint introduced a lease option last year, and ending its subsidies means that leasing or upfront purchase will be the only ways to get a smartphone from the carrier.The move leaves AT&T (T +0.5%) as the only carrier of the U.S. big four that is still offering to subsidize a smartphone buy. Verizon (VZ +0.1%) made its major move earlier this month, and all are following in T-Mobile's (TMUS +1.9%) footsteps on dropping contracts.Earlier, Sprint rolled out its "iPhone Forever" plan that served as a precursor to the model: For $22/month over and above the usual monthly fees, customers can upgrade to the latest iPhone as soon as it becomes available, rather than once every two years. Claure says parent SoftBank (OTCPK:SFTBY -1%) will help it monetize traded-in phones. Aug. 17, 2015, 4:53 PM | 17 Comments
Judge hands Verizon victory in ad spat with Cablevision
In an ongoing tussle over advertising claims, a U.S. magistrate judge has ordered Cablevision (CVC -3.7%) to stop running ads accusing Verizon (VZ +0.8%) of lying about having the fastest Wi-Fi network.Judge Gary Brown issued a temporary restraining order requiring Cablevision to pull ads accusing Verizon of dishonesty by Friday. The ruling comes days after he ruled against Cablevision's bid to block Verizon's ads claiming the "fastest Wi-Fi available."Cablevision ads invoking Pinocchio, or Verizon reps with their "pants on fire," were "literally untrue and implicitly false" and likely to mislead consumers, Brown said. His ruling did reject Verizon's attempts to block other Cablevision ads.Cablevision's Lisa Anselmo said the company would keep challenging Verizon claims "not only through the legal system but also in the court of public opinion."In January, Cablevision said Verizon's ads were an attempt to hurt its launch of Wi-Fi voice/text/data service Freewheel.Previously: Cablevision: We haven't dropped suit against Verizon (Jun. 18 2015)Previously: Cablevision sues Verizon over false WiFi advertising (Jan. 30 2015) Aug. 11, 2015, 6:12 PM
Moffett upgrades Verizon, sees price war calming
Verizon (VZ +0.9%) has "reasons for optimism," says analyst Craig Moffett as he upgrades the stock to Buy on valuation amid a possible calming of the price war.He's set a price target of $54; Verizon shares closed yesterday at $47.23 and are trading now at $47.64, implying more than a 13% upside.Verizon has dropped its strategy of subsidizing phones -- for which it was a holdout -- with a revised set of contract-free price plans.The company's Q2 results hinted at stabilizing wireless ARPU, Moffett says, and "Recent market activity — which includes Sprint's and T-Mobile's effective price increase by reducing the amount of data offered at the $100 price point, and AT&T's decision to add an activation fee to (installment plans) — further our conviction that we are reaching at least a pause in aggressive discounting in U.S. wireless."Despite the fact that investor sentiment has shifted to AT&T (NYSE:T) from Verizon ("AT&T has DirecTV merger synergies to talk about, Verizon doesn't"), he says Verizon has more to gain from pricing firming up.Meanwhile, Verizon says it has successfully field-tested a new fiber-to-the-premises optical technology that could someday promise 10 Gbps speeds by using different wavelengths of light. Aug. 11, 2015, 3:39 PM | 8 Comments
Thousands still on job for AT&T in Southeast as labor pact expires
With an expired contract, 28,000 Southeast union employees for AT&T (T +1.6%) are still on the job and continuing to work toward an agreement.As with thousands of counterparts working at Verizon (VZ +1.9%), the CWA has authorized a strike against AT&T if necessary, with 96% approving the measure. “We’re going to keep our fight for a fair contract going while we stay on the job,” says a union rep.The negotiations cover AT&T Southeast workers as well as employees of AT&T Utility Operations and BellSouth Billing.Verizon says it's trained thousands of nonunion workers in case of a strike by 38,000 of its employees who are still on the job following the Aug. 1 expiration of their own contract. Aug. 10, 2015, 8:08 PM | 8 Comments
New Verizon data plans go contract-free, drop phone subsidies
In an "un-carrier" sort of move, Verizon (VZ -0.5%) is doing away with phone subsidies, rolling out a new set of price plans of various data-bundle sizes (like clothing: small, medium, large and XL), and simplifying plan variables by requiring customers to pay for their phone at once or through it installment plan.The company -- a holdout for traditional phone subsidies -- seems to be putting an end to contracts, at least for new customers. New plans go into effect next Thursday.Verizon's new data buckets range form $30/month for 1 GB of shareable data ("small") to $80/month for 12 GB of shareable data ("XL"). Line access charges will be $20 per smartphone ($10 for tablet/Jetpack), and then a device payment adds to that. Customers can change between plans each month.The move is a big change for Verizon, but less so for the industry at large, where T-Mobile and AT&T already have most of their postpaid base off of phone subsidies -- while Verizon still had less than 50% of its sales taking advantage of its Edge device installment plan.The company is reportedly offering bigger plans than its 12-GB XL, but won't promote them and they may not be available outside a Verizon store.The change is likely to please most customers, but some family plans calculate out to a $5 higher device fee under the new setup than before. Verizon also killed its lowest-end 500 MB $20 plan. Aug. 7, 2015, 3:27 PM | 20 Comments
FCC denies T-Mobile larger spectrum set-asides for airwaves auction
In a unanimous vote, the FCC denied T-Mobile's (NYSE:TMUS) request for a larger spectrum set-aside during the government's wireless airwaves auction next year.The carrier -- now the third-largest by customers in the U.S. -- had lobbied for a larger chunk of spectrum to be set aside for smaller carriers (i.e., not AT&T and Verizon) in the low-band auction, an area of the spectrum that the two giants dominate.There will be a set-aside, just not the 40 MHz that T-Mobile was seeking, in what is seen as a compromise by the FCC's Democrats after last year's vote to establish reserve spectrum.The FCC is working to keep the auction on track for the first quarter, and it's currently expected March 29. The agency is finalizing bidding procedures.Wireless Carriers today: T -1.3%; VZ -0.5%; TMUS -0.5%; S +2.4%. Aug. 6, 2015, 12:07 PM | 9 Comments
AOL promotes HuffPost chief to lead consumer brands, Go90 video
AOL (NYSE:VZ) has shuffled its leadership, promoting Huffington Post CEO Jimmy Maymann into a spot with oversight of its consumer brands as well as Verizon's upcoming Go90 streaming video service.AOL chief Tim Armstrong says Arianna Huffington is leading the search for a new HuffPo CEO.The shuffle will mean AOL is reorganized into three businesses: consumer brands (Maymann's area), business-to-business platforms (ad tech), led by AOL President Bob Lord, and the new "Area 51" unit focused on strategic investment, led by CTO Bill Pence.Armstrong had no comment about a possible $300M deal for Millennial Media (NYSE:MM), but said: “We have a goal of becoming the largest mobile media platform whether that’s through investments or M&A. If you look at how aggressive we’ve been in the last 12 months ... you should assume we are serious. We are a company on the move right now.” Aug. 5, 2015, 10:01 PM | 1 Comment
Discovery Communications to supply Verizon mobile video
On the Discovery Communications (NASDAQ:DISCA) earnings call, CEO David Zaslav said the company has made a deal with Verizon (NYSE:VZ) to supply its video service with "long and short-form content" -- full episodes of prior seasons, and clips of current series."This deal extends our platform reach to Verizon customers beyond our traditional pay TV customer base, and adds yet another source to our distribution revenue stream," he said.The agreement will include content from channels including Discovery Channel, TLC, Animal Planet, ID, and the Science Channel, Zaslav noted.After trading up premarket following its Q2 earnings beat, Discovery shares are now 5.6% lower.Previously: Discovery up 0.4% after Q2 beat amid currency challenges (Aug. 05 2015)Previously: Discovery Communications beats by $0.01, misses on revenue (Aug. 05 2015) Aug. 5, 2015, 10:56 AM | 5 Comments
Outage in Southeast U.S. affecting several phone carriers
Major U.S. telecoms are reporting widespread phone outages in the Midwest and Southeast, for both wireless and wireline service.The outages seem centered in Kentucky, Indiana, Alabama and Tennessee, but they affect customers of AT&T (NYSE:T), Verizon (NYSE:VZ), Sprint (NYSE:S) and T-Mobile (NYSE:TMUS). All four of those carriers acknowledged the outages on Twitter accounts.AT&T suggested that the problem has been pinpointed to a hardware issue and that engineers are working with vendors to restore service. Aug. 4, 2015, 7:26 PM | 15 Comments
ProShares closing double-bearish telecom ETF
ProShares is shuttering its UltraShort Telecommunications ETF (TLL -5.7%), the fund that bets against big telecoms like AT&T (NYSE:T) and Verizon (NYSE:VZ), due to lack of interest.The fund -- a double-short fund working on the inverse of the Dow Jones U.S. Select Telecommunications Index -- will close after the market on Sept. 14. Trading had slowed to about 100 shares on average.Top components of Dow Jones' telecom index that the fund bet against are AT&T, Verizon, SBA Communications (NASDAQ:SBAC), Level 3 Communications (NYSE:LVLT), CenturyLink (NYSE:CTL), T-Mobile (NYSE:TMUS), Frontier (NASDAQ:FTR) and Sprint (NYSE:S).TLL was down 7.6% over the past six months. The iShares U.S. Telecommunications ETF (NYSEARCA:IYZ) -- tracking the same index from the other direction -- is down 0.5% YTD. Aug. 3, 2015, 6:25 PM | 11 Comments
Verizon misses contract deadline; no strike for now
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) has missed its midnight deadline to secure a deal with more than 37,000 of its wireline employees, but the unions representing them said they will keep working without a contract while talks continue.Since June, the two sides have argued over the company's plans to cut costs by controlling healthcare and pension-related benefits over a three-year period.A walkout is still on the table. Unions voted last week to go on strike, if needed, and a similar dispute ended in a two-week walkout back in 2011.Previously: Verizon, wireline unions show little progress on eve of deal expiration (Jul. 31 2015)Previously: Verizon workers threaten to strike (Jul. 26 2015) Aug. 2, 2015, 8:16 AM | 8 Comments
Verizon, wireline unions show little progress on eve of deal expiration
On the eve of a labor contract expiration, Verizon (NYSE:VZ) says it's making little progress on talks with its East Coast wireline workers.Two unions representing the workers (the CWA and IBEW) have authorized a strike as needed, and Verizon says it's ready in case of work stoppage. The current contract -- covering 39,000 wireline employees in nine states along the coast -- expires at midnight tomorrow.The unions say Verizon's demanding that workers sharply increase their health care contributions and make concession on pensions.The CWA also says Verizon is refusing to build its FiOS network in lower-income areas, while letting the copper network degrade -- leaving many consumers in the hands of a cable monopoly.For its part, the CWA has enlisted help from the mayors of Syracuse, N.Y., and Kingston, N.Y., who it had join them at a bargaining session pointing to their support. Three other state mayors have written letters to Verizon urging fiber-to-the-home buildouts."The CWA owes these mayors an apology," said a Verizon spokesman. "Unfortunately, the mayors were seemingly misled to think FiOS deployment is an issue that’s being negotiated. It’s not. Sadly, it seems the mayors were just a ploy as part of this bargaining publicity gimmick." Jul. 31, 2015, 5:52 PM | 42 Comments
HBO Now comes to Verizon broadband customers, soon to mobile video
HBO (TWX +1.3%) has set a new outlet for HBO Now, striking a deal with Verizon (VZ +0.4%) to make the stand-alone streaming service available to Verizon's broadband customers -- as well as to the carrier's upcoming mobile video service.The service is available starting today at HBO Now's standard terms ($14.99/month, 30-day free trial). The companies say the deal allows HBO Now to come to all Verizon digital platforms, including more than 100M Verizon Wireless customers.Verizon's mobile video platform, to be called Go90, has been taking shape in recent days and is expected to roll out in late summer.Previously: Verizon to test video service with thousands of customers (Jul. 27 2015)Previously: Verizon video details: Go90 service to be free to consumers (Jul. 24 2015)Previously: HBO Now service comes to Android, Amazon devices (Jul. 16 2015) Jul. 28, 2015, 3:39 PM | 1 Comment
Verizon to test video service with thousands of customers
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) will customer-test its upcoming video service -- Go90 -- in the coming weeks via a beta version, ahead of a planned late-summer launch.“This is unlike any other system,” says Verizon's Alberto Cana. “This is a completely new product, and the beta piece is about testing the platform and some of the functions, like sharing.”The service has been delayed from an expected early-summer start, but CFO Fran Shammo has maintained it'll be ready by late summer, at least in a limited version, as the company integrates more content from AOL.And now we know what that name means: Rotate your mobile screen 90 degrees in order to get a viewing angle suitable for watching videos.Verizon fell 0.5% today and is up 0.2% after hours.Previously: Verizon video details: Go90 service to be free to consumers (Jul. 24 2015) Jul. 27, 2015, 5:41 PM | 5 Comments
Verizon workers threaten to strike
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) workers on the U.S. East Coast have voted to go on strike, if necessary, over a dispute about a new contract."Our members...reject management's harsh concessionary demands, including the elimination of job security, sharp increases in workers' health care costs, and slashing retirement security," Union Communications Workers of America said in a statement.The contract covers 39,000 employees who work for Verizon's wireline business, which provides FiOS Internet, telephone and TV services. Jul. 26, 2015, 8:26 AM | 63 Comments
Verizon video details: Go90 service to be free to consumers
Verizon (VZ -0.7%) is pursuing a late-summer launch for a mobile video service it's calling Go90, Variety reports.At least at first, the service will be free to consumers. It plans to offer full TV episodes along with music videos and other short-form content, and CFO Fran Shammo said on the company's earnings call that live events would be key to the service.Variety drew details from a development website accidentally exposed to the public. Go90 -- based on the OnCue assets that Verizon got from Intel -- will offer “live music, exclusive events, best of web content, sports, prime time and more," the site said.One notable content partner is the NFL, as Verizon owns mobile rights.Chatter at Vidcon this week held that the service could launch as soon as next week, but late summer is more likely as Verizon integrates more AOL content.Previously: Verizon: Video on track this summer; forecasts still tough (Jul. 21 2015) Jul. 24, 2015, 4:24 PM
Firms reiterate Verizon ratings; Macquarie sticks to Sell
Macquarie is the contrarian so far on Verizon (NYSE:VZ), reiterating its Sell rating on the shares after a Q2 report that beat profit expectations.Verizon shares are off 1.3% this morning, to $46.37, following on yesterday's 2.4% loss. Verizon shares are down 9% over the past 12 months.Several firms backed up their Buy ratings. Oppenheimer reiterated an Outperform rating and $54.00 price target, and Canaccord did the same at the same price.Jefferies has maintained its Buy rating, but cut its target to $53 from $54.Previously: Verizon: Video on track this summer; forecasts still tough (Jul. 21 2015)Previously: Verizon -2.4% after Q2 revenues miss expectations (Jul. 21 2015)Previously: Verizon beats by $0.03, misses on revenue (Jul. 21 2015) Jul. 22, 2015, 11:05 AM | 8 Comments
Verizon: Video on track this summer; forecasts still tough
On Verizon's (VZ -2.4%) earnings call today, CFO Fran Shammo took the opportunity to play down expectations of a big lift coming from a new iPhone in the fall: "I just don't see that the next iconic device is going to be substantially different and therefore ... I don't see the volume there in the fourth quarter that we had last year from a total iconic change of the 6 and the 6 Plus."Mobile TV is coming this summer -- but "late summer." Live events (pay-per-view) and highly targeted ads (thanks to AOL) will be the drivers of the service, he said, and it would include a sponsored data model to provide free content as well.The company now sees full-year revenue growth of 3% rather than 4%, as the prevalence of industry discounts is throwing off forecasts, and phone financing is changing the mix: "Edge (the company's no-money-down option) is much higher than we anticipated, but the market has moved us there," says Shammo. "More people are selecting the new price plan when they get a new handset. Generates more equipment revenue and puts more pressure on the service revenue."Meanwhile, some observers thought the mobile price war was cooling, but "Trends this quarter may prove disappointing on that front," says New Street's Jonathan Chaplin.While the company agreed to sell wireline operations in three states to Frontier Communications, Shammo says FiOS divestitures aren't on the way: "The broadband connection to those [Eastern U.S.] homes along with our wireless product and the population of that segment is critical to us and it is a strategic asset for us."Previously: Verizon -2.4% after Q2 revenues miss expectations (Jul. 21 2015) Jul. 21, 2015, 9:22 PM | 5 Comments
Verizon -2.4% after Q2 revenues miss expectations
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) is off 2.4% premarket after posting Q2 results where its revenue missed expectations slightly despite growing more than 2% as the company added subscribers.Earnings of $1.04/share beat consensus, and 2.4% revenue growth would be 2.8% if excluding 2014 revenues from business that it has sold. Cash flow from operating activities was up to $18.9B in H1, compared with a year-ago $14.8B.In wireless, the company added 1.1M net postpaid connections at retail to come to 103.7M total retail postpaid connections. Retail postpaid churn fell to 0.9%, lowest in three years.Revenue breakout: Wireless, $22.6B (up 5.3%); Wireline, $9.4B (down 2.2%). Of wireline results, Mass Market results were up 3.2%, but global enterprise fell 6.4% and global wholesale slipped 4.5%.FiOS revenues were up 10% Y/Y. Net adds were 72K FiOS Internet and 26K FiOS Video.Conference call at 8:30 a.m. ET (beginning now). Jul. 21, 2015, 8:30 AM | 24 Comments
Verizon beats by $0.03, misses on revenue
Verizon (NYSE:VZ): Q2 EPS of $1.04 beats by $0.03.Revenue of $32.22B (+2.4% Y/Y) misses by $230M. Jul. 21, 2015, 7:35 AM | 19 Comments
Notable earnings before Tuesday’s open
ABG, AMTD, ATI, BHI, BK, CFG, CP, DOV, EDU, FITB, HOG, INFY, LXK, MAN, MDSO, NEOG, NVR, NVS, OMC, PLD, PNR, RF, SAP, SBNY, SNV, TRV, TTS, UTX, VZ, WSO, WWW Jul. 20, 2015, 5:30 PM | 2 Comments
FCC sets tentative March 29 date to start broadcast spectrum auction
The FCC is pointing to March 29 -- very late in Chairman Tom Wheeler's Q1 2016 target -- to begin its incentive auction of 600 MHz broadcast airwaves, according to a list of agenda items it's circulating.Observers had worried that a postponement of voting on auction rules until Aug. 6 would endanger the Q1 plan. The FCC had delayed the final vote so that stakeholders could submit filings on the rules, with the "duplex gap" a particular point of contention.The exact start date is still subject to change before the final FCC vote.Spectrum players: VZ, T, TMUS, S, DISH, SBGI, EVC Previously: FCC delays rules vote for broadcast spectrum auction (Jul. 15 2015) Jul. 20, 2015, 3:25 PM | 8 Comments
FCC delays rules vote for broadcast spectrum auction
Under congressional pressure, the FCC is delaying tomorrow's vote on rules -- including the contentious issue of set-asides -- for the upcoming broadcast incentive spectrum auction until Aug. 6."I believe that even with this delay we will be able to stay on course for the first quarter of 2016," Chairman Tom Wheeler says about the pushback.A few House Republicans pressed for a delay after a late-Friday release of data covering potential outcomes around repacking the "duplex gap" -- an about-to-be-crowded frequency band that FCC staff chose last year to dedicate to Wi-Fi and unlicensed uses as well as licensed broadcast news mics, but recently reversed position on.The delay seems to have made no stakeholder very happy. The move also means that settling the issue of reserve spectrum (Smaller carriers than AT&T and Verizon have urged a bigger reserve than the current 30 MHz planned).Spectrum players: VZ, T, TMUS, S, DISH Jul. 15, 2015, 5:38 PM | 1 Comment
Report: AOL/Verizon interested in buying Millennial Media for $300M+
TechCrunch reports AOL, fresh off being acquired by Verizon (NYSE:VZ) for $4.4B, is interested in acquiring mobile ad network owner Millennial Media (NYSE:MM).The site, which is owned by AOL, reports hearing of a $300M-$350M price range, while cautioning "it will still be some weeks" before a deal is announced, should one happen. AOL is said to have begun "kicking the tires" on a Millennial deal weeks ago, before getting slowed down by the Verizon deal.Millennial closed on Wednesday with a $217M market cap. With the company forecasting 2015 revenue of $311M-$342M, the reported price range is equal to a modest ~1x forward sales.Millennial would significantly increase AOL and Verizon's mobile display ad footprint. Though Millennial has been struggling to deal with competition from Google (AdMob), Facebook, Apple (iAd), and Twitter (MoPub), the company still claimed to support 65K apps and reach 670M+ monthly unique users (175M in the U.S.) as of March 31. It has 750M+ anonymous user profiles for delivering targeted ads.It was only last week that AOL announced a deal to "assume management and sales responsibility" for Microsoft's display, mobile, and video ad inventory in the U.S. and 8 other markets.Two months ago: Millennial rises in wake of AOL/Verizon deal Jul. 8, 2015, 11:59 PM | 3 Comments
FCC working to keep crucial 2016 spectrum auction on track
Next week, the FCC is looking to keep a landmark broadcast incentive wireless spectrum auction on track for early next year despite contentious debates from stakeholders -- and if it does, it's a boon for T-Mobile (NYSE:TMUS), says Guggenheim's Paul Gallant.That's because though T-Mobile and Sprint (NYSE:S) have pushed for a bigger reserve of spectrum for "smaller carriers" (i.e.: them), a delay might mean that the current 30 MHz set-aside was at risk.Meanwhile, the airwaves will be coming from TV broadcasters who must go along with any plan -- meaning they expect to see prices they like. A group representing smaller broadcasters say if the framework isn't revised, opening prices for broadcasters could be reduced by $8M.Major broadcasters (ABC (NYSE:DIS), CBS, NBC (NASDAQ:CMCSA), FOX) aren't expected to be key airwaves sellers, while smaller groups like Sinclair (NASDAQ:SBGI) and Entravision (NYSE:EVC) are expected to sell.Related firms: T, VZ Previously: FCC chairman: Cap bid credits, keep smaller spectrum set-aside (Jun. 25 2015) Jul. 7, 2015, 9:34 PM | 21 Comments
Court sets quick timetable for net neutrality challenges
Cable and wireless firms are on the (legal) clock, as a D.C. appeals court is setting an expedited schedule for them to provide briefs on the set of challenges to FCC net neutrality rules.Firms will need to provide their opening briefs (20,000 words or fewer) by July 30, meaning final briefs will be due Oct. 13, and oral argument could begin by year's end.The disputes now are largely around Title II reclassification (Internet access as a utility) and interconnection, rather than bans on blocking/throttling or paid prioritization.Represented/related companies: VZ, TMUS, S, CMCSA, CHTR, TWC, CVC, CTL, FTR, CCOI, DISH, DTV Jun. 30, 2015, 11:23 AM | 18 Comments
U.S. wireless (T, VZ, TMUS, S) higher as RBC raises targets
U.S. wireless firms are all trading higher out of the open as RBC Capital raises price targets on AT&T (T +0.2%), T-Mobile (TMUS +1.3%) and Sprint (S +1.1%).Verizon (VZ +0.2%) is also up comparably with AT&T.The firm's best rating of the three goes to T-Mobile, with an Outperform. RBC raised its price target to $41; it's currently trading at $39.17.AT&T gets a Sector Perform rating and a raised price target of $37 (currently trading at $35.83), and Sprint gets a Sector Perform and a higher target of $6 (currently at $4.56). Jun. 30, 2015, 9:48 AM | 5 Comments
Microsoft strikes ad deal with AOL/Verizon; Bing to power AOL search
Confirming a recent Bloomberg report, Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) states AOL, just acquired by Verizon (NYSE:VZ), will "assume management and sales responsibility for all of Microsoft's display, mobile and video advertising inventory in nine key global markets -- the United States, the United Kingdom, Canada, Brazil, France, Germany, Italy, Spain, and Japan."AOL will handle ad inventory for MSN, Outlook Mail, Xbox, Skype, mobile apps, and other Microsoft properties. The WSJ reports "Microsoft’s roughly 1,200 advertising employees — from engineering to sales — will be getting offer letters to join AOL."In addition, AOL and Microsoft have signed a 10-year search/search ad pact that will make Bing AOL's search provider, starting Jan. 1, 2016. AOL has thus far been relying on Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) search. AOL's search ops had Q1 revenue of $116.4M (+19% Y/Y), and 2014 revenue of $402.6M (+4%). Jun. 29, 2015, 5:24 PM | 15 Comments
Bloomberg: Microsoft exiting display ads, 1,200 jobs affected (updated)
Bloomberg reports Microsoft (MSFT) is shutting down its display ad business, and handing over related operations to AOL (just bought by Verizon) and private AppNexus. 1,200 jobs will be affected. Some of the employees will be laid off, and others offered positions elsewhere at Microsoft.The report comes a few days after Satya Nadella stated in an employee memo Microsoft has to "make some tough choices in areas where things are not working." The company had 128K employees as of June 2014, but has since carried out major layoffs.Twitter, Yelp, LinkedIn, Zillow, and others have reported seeing display ad challenges this year. Many of the affected firms have mentioned being hurt by industry adoption of programmatic (automated) ad-buying platforms that are often displacing traditional ad sales.Earlier: Microsoft selling Bing image-collection assets to UberUpdate: The Microsoft/AOL deal is official. As part of the tie-up, Bing will power AOL search. Jun. 29, 2015, 4:33 PM | 6 Comments
Moffett: Cablevision overvalued as 'un-acquirable asset'
Despite some friendly talk around consolidation, Cablevision (NYSE:CVC) is an "un-acquirable asset," says a key telecom industry analyst.Craig Moffett of MoffettNathanson thinks shares are overvalued and artificially high since a wave of roiling M&A action following the breakup of Comcast's  takeover bid for Time Warner Cable.The company has too much competitive overlap with Verizon (NYSE:VZ) FiOS, he says."After factoring in its already below-market trailing growth rates, and its FiOS-affected forward growth prospects, Cablevision's shares appeared markedly overvalued even before the latest round of speculation," Moffett writes.Today: CVC +4%. Jun. 26, 2015, 11:59 PM | 2 Comments
Sprint's Claure tops pay for U.S. telecom CEOs
Sprint (S -1.3%) chief Marcelo Claure has become the highest-paid CEO among U.S. telecoms, the Financial Times notes, having earned $22M for just under eight months of work.Randall Stephenson of AT&T (NYSE:T) earned $24M last year -- but for a full year's work. Lowell McAdam of Verizon (NYSE:VZ) earned $18M last year, and T-Mobile's (NYSE:TMUS) John Legere $19M.For the period between his Aug. 11 start date and March 31, Claure earned a base of $923K, a bonus of $2.4M (including a $500K "golden hello"), and $18M in stock and options. During that time, Sprint's stock price has fallen 16.4%.A Sprint spokesman pointed to the difficulty of making apples-to-apples comparisons with other CEOs, considering one-time payments like the signing bonus.Sprint's 14A filing Jun. 26, 2015, 5:46 PM | 42 Comments
Funds seeking higher payout from Verizon for AOL holdings
While Verizon (NYSE:VZ) closed on its $4.4B deal for AOL on Tuesday, not every investor is settling for the $50/share price.About 60% of AOL shares were tendered. And at least 5% of shareholdings weren't sold to Verizon and their investors are seeking appraisal on the shares -- where a judge awards a higher price for the shares, and which they can do for a few months before they could abandon the plan and accept the deal.Appraisal requests are growing as an investing tactic after a record 40 cases were filed last year (and 28 so far this year).Objecting funds include Brigade Capital Management and Verition Fund Management. With AOL shares trading above $50 the past few weeks, some buyers were likely funds that intended to seek appraisal. Jun. 26, 2015, 3:24 PM | 2 Comments
Justice Dept. warns FCC that auction plans may hurt competition
While FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler signaled today that the agency wouldn't bow to demands for greater spectrum set-asides for competitors to AT&T (NYSE:T) and Verizon (NYSE:VZ), the Justice Dept. sent a letter urging the FCC to think about moves to spread the spectrum, including a greater set-aside.William Baer with the DOJ's antitrust division asked the FCC to consider “the well-established competition principle that those with market power may be willing to pay the most to reinforce a leading position.”In a low-band "broadcast incentive" auction coming next year, the FCC has proposed setting aside 30 MHz per market for competitors other than the two telecom leaders, like Sprint (NYSE:S) and T-Mobile (NYSE:TMUS). T-Mobile has been vocal about pushing for a 40 MHz reserve and is hopeful that Baer's letter means it still may happen: “There would be no point in writing the letter if they didn’t want the FCC to take another look," says T-Mobile's Andy Levin.More FCC auction coverage Jun. 25, 2015, 7:04 PM | 13 Comments
FCC chairman: Cap bid credits, keep smaller spectrum set-aside
FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler says that he is circulating a draft with changes to the spectrum bidding procedures ahead of an open meeting designed to "revamp our outdated spectrum auction bidding policies" and help small businesses in the mobile marketplace.Notably, he proposes a first-ever cap on total bidding credits, reducing an incentive for large corporations to game the system: "We will not allow small businesses to serve as a stalking horse for another party." (Dish Network (NASDAQ:DISH) was loudly criticized by rivals after using designated entities to bid for $13.3B in spectrum with a $10B payment; AT&T (NYSE:T) had proposed a much smaller cap of $10M.)And he's sticking to the previous 30 MHz set-aside for smaller firms, though key "smaller firms" like Sprint (NYSE:S) and T-Mobile (NYSE:TMUS) had pressed for a larger set-aside of as much as 40 MHz (in T-Mobile's case, with an aggressive media campaign).He also recommends dropping a requirement for small businesses to offer facilities-based wireless in order to qualify for bidding credits, and to create a new rural business bidding credit.More FCC auction coverage Jun. 25, 2015, 2:35 PM | 1 Comment
Scripps Networks brings lifestyle shows to Verizon streaming video
Verizon (NYSE:VZ), up 1.2% early today, has a new multi-year deal with Scripps Networks Interactive (NYSE:SNI) to supply Verizon's new video offering with lifestyle programming from HGTV, Food Network, Travel Channel, DIY and Cooking Channel.More than 45 series are part of the deal, including popular shows like House Hunters and Cutthroat Kitchen. Verizon notes that young millennials' over-the-top video consumption rose 21% last year, and smartphone viewing is growing rapidly as a portion of that (up 10% from 2014).Verizon had previously given a few clues as the look of the service, which wil work on competitor networks and Wi-Fi as well as mobile devices, and will have a premium tier while exploring ad-supported data options to help keep bits streaming to viewers.Previously: Verizon hints at video service details (Jun. 24 2015)Previously: Verizon closes speedy $4.4B AOL deal (Jun. 23 2015) Jun. 25, 2015, 10:15 AM
Verizon hints at video service details
With its AOL deal closed, Verizon (VZ -1%) is providing some peeks at what an upcoming video service may look like."We see the world shifting very quickly to mobile and we believe that mobile will represent 80 percent of consumers' media consumption in the coming years," said CFO Fran Shammo. "And the Verizon-AOL partnership will allow us to capture that shifting opportunity."Verizon may get around the data-bucket problem with ad-supported data -- which may be vital as it seeks uptake with consumers facing a variety of options for mobile and over-the-top video. The company believes its plan there fits with recent FCC net neutrality regulations.The service will work on competitors networks and Wi-Fi and will have some kind of premium tier, which might be pay-per-view.As for content, so far it has 200 hours promised from DreamWorks Animation's youth-focused AwesomenessTV, as well as rights to the Live Earth Concert and an NFL partnership providing live football for $5/month. Jun. 24, 2015, 6:21 PM
Verizon closes speedy $4.4B AOL deal
Just 42 days after announcing a deal, Verizon (VZ +0.8%) has wrapped its $50/share cash acquisition of AOL, as its tender offer expired at midnight last night.AOL will no longer be traded on the NYSE and is a wholly owned subsidiary of the telecom. Some 60.4% of shares were validly tendered, and other shares have been converted into a $50 cash right.Tim Armstrong will continue to lead AOL operations, but now by reporting to Marni Walden, Verizon's executive VP of product innovation and new businesses. Bob Toohey, president of Verizon Digital Media Services, will report to Armstrong.Previously: Verizon CFO: We're keeping Huffington Post, not buying Dish Network (Jun. 15 2015)Previously: AOL chief to net $179M from Verizon deal (May. 14 2015)Previously: Not the old AOL: Verizon purchase all about ads (May. 12 2015) Jun. 23, 2015, 10:06 AM | 6 Comments
Cablevision: We haven't dropped suit against Verizon
Reuters reported that Cablevision (NYSE:CVC) was dropping a lawsuit against Verizon (NYSE:VZ) over an anti-FiOS ad.In fact, the lawsuit is alive and being transferred, Cablevision says.“No lawsuit was dropped, it is merely in the process of being transferred to the same court that is already hearing our prior false advertising lawsuit against Verizon," Cablevision said in a statement. "Verizon continues to put out advertisements that are false, misleading and designed to trick consumers, and we will not stand idly by.” Jun. 18, 2015, 3:48 PM | 9 Comments
Huffington signs new four-year deal with Huffington Post
In another sign of content assets staying put at Verizon (VZ +1%) after its deal for AOL is complete, Arianna Huffington says she's signed a new four-year deal to stay at the helm of the Huffington Post.“After all my meetings and conversations with Tim [Armstrong] and the Verizon leadership, I am convinced that we will have both the editorial independence and the additional resources that will allow HuffPost to lead the global media platform shift to mobile and video,” Huffington reportedly says in a memo to staff.As Verizon agreed to a $4.4B deal to buy AOL last month, speculation centered on whether the telecom would keep content assets like Huffington Post and TechCrunch. Jun. 18, 2015, 12:51 PM | 1 Comment
Crown Castle primed to strike on small-cell deployment trend
Crown Castle (NYSE:CCI) may be the wireless tower operator that benefits most from the growing emphasis on "small cell" deployments, Reinhardt Krause suggests.The Houston-based tower operator spent $1B each on small-cell specialists Sunesys and (four years ago) NextG -- and has a key customer, Verizon (NYSE:VZ), pushing into small cells as its 4G LTE network gets stuffed.Small cells -- roughly suitcase-sized modules that fit well in outdoor public spaces -- are useful for filling in coverage gaps between full-sized towers and solving urban coverage challenges. But Verizon also may see it as a chance to tap unlicensed spectrum if the government establishes Wi-Fi-like networks.The catch is if small cells end up displacing full-size towers, which have nice profit margins. But many see the two approaches as complementary.Along with Verizon, Sprint (NYSE:S) is expected to invest in small-cell deployments in 2016. "Small cells will be a central pillar of (4G) network architecture for Verizon and Sprint in the second half of 2015 and especially 2016 and for T-Mobile and AT&T moving forward," writes Macquarie's Kevin Smithen.Zayo Group (NYSE:ZAYO) -- a lessor of fiber connections -- is also showing interest in taking part in small cell deployments. Meanwhile, Crown Castle's fiber buys mean it can become more Zayo-like. Small cells accounted for 7% of CCI revenue in 2014, more than at competitors American Tower and SBA Communications. Jun. 17, 2015, 10:36 PM | 3 Comments
NYC criticizes slow Verizon fiber rollout
In an audit that New York City plans to release tomorrow, the city slams Verizon (NYSE:VZ) for failing to deliver FiOS fiber connections to anyone who wanted them, a promise the company made in 2008.In signing a franchise agreement with NYC then, Verizon said all comers would be served by 2014 -- but there are more than 40K requests for service and about three-quarters of those have been outstanding for 12 months or longer, according to the audit.Verizon, meanwhile, says the main reason buildings don't have service is in its struggle to get access from landlords.Lowell McAdam's ascension to the CEO role four years ago has seen the company focus on its wireless operations, and sell off wireline assets in three states as well as stop plans to build FiOS in new territories.A Verizon spokesman says the company's invested $3.5B in the city's FiOS network and that Verizon and the city both want more people on it. He said the audit appeared to be politically based, linked to the city's upcoming union negotiations.Previously: Union accuses Verizon of leaving landlines broken (Jun. 09 2015)Previously: Citigroup: Altice's next move may be $34B in Verizon wirelines (Jun. 03 2015) Jun. 17, 2015, 8:12 PM | 14 Comments
Verizon CFO: We're keeping Huffington Post, not buying Dish Network
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) isn't looking to sell the Huffington Post, CFO Fran Shammo says. And despite the company's move into video, it's not interested in buying spectrum-rich Dish Network (NASDAQ:DISH) either.Speculation recently has centered on whether AOL's content assets, which include HuffPost as well as TechCrunch, were a fit in a $4.4B Verizon acquisition deal said to be focused on AOL's ad technology.Shammo said Verizon likes all of the AOL portfolio and hopes to keep it together. As for spectrum, he says if Verizon wanted more, it would have bought more at the last FCC AWS-3 auction.Previously: Not the old AOL: Verizon purchase all about ads (May. 12 2015)Previously: Report: Amid Verizon talks, AOL exploring Huffington Post spinoff (May. 12 2015)Previously: Verizon scoops up AOL for $4.4B (May. 12 2015) Jun. 15, 2015, 7:30 PM | 5 Comments
T-Mobile and Dish Network: Other options, other suitors
Today in telecom consolidation speculation: While Dish Network (NASDAQ:DISH) and T-Mobile (NYSE:TMUS) have been talking about a deal with upsides for both (and shareholders have driven DISH up 2.6%, TMUS up 1.8% since word broke June 3), they aren't each other's only option.And much of what transpires there depends on T-Mo parent Deutsche Telekom (OTCQX:DTEGY) and what it wants to do with an asset that can command top dollar as perhaps the last attainable big U.S. cell provider.“They’re obviously controlled by a German company who has strategic initiatives, both in Europe and the United States, and they may not be in a position where they want to do anything," Dish chief Charlie Ergen said in a Bloomberg TV interview.From Dish's perspective: It doesn't need to rush, as it's making free cash flow and has time to sit on its large spectrum stockpiles yet. Ergen could look for a sale to Verizon (NYSE:VZ), or break the spectrum off into a separate company with a sale-leaseback. In any case, many deals that seemed well under way have been kiboshed by the mercurial Ergen.Fron T-Mobile's: Deutsche Telekom is reportedly worried about an overvalued Dish and getting too much of that stock. T-Mobile could probably command $49/share in a sale, or a 25% premium, says Gabelli's Sergey Dluzhevskiy. One company that wouldn't blink at that price would be Comcast (NASDAQ:CMCSA) in its own quad-play grab.Altice (OTC:ATCEY), which considered a run at Time Warner Cable (NYSE:TWC), could be a long-shot for T-Mobile, or even Charter (NASDAQ:CHTR). And with AT&T expanding in Mexico, how interesting would it be if América Móvil (NYSE:AMX) pumped up its U.S. presence with Big Magenta? Jun. 12, 2015, 5:19 PM | 6 Comments
Court hands win to FCC, refusing to block net neutrality rules
With just hours to go before the FCC was to begin enforcement of new net neutrality rules, a federal appeals court has declined to stay them in a blow to telecom firms that hoped to block them while litigation plays out.The rules are set to go into effect tomorrow. The plaintiffs argue that they do not object to some of the regulations, like bans on blocking/throttling and paid prioritization, but they are fighting vigorously against Title II classification, which would mean regulating broadband as a tightly controlled telecom service.Represented/related companies: VZ, TMUS, S, CMCSA, CHTR, TWC, CVC, CTL, FTR, CCOI, DISH, DTV Previous coverage on net neutrality Jun. 11, 2015, 5:18 PM | 32 Comments
Union accuses Verizon of leaving landlines broken
Verizon's (VZ -0.4%) biggest union, the Communications Workers of America, is saying that the company is refusing to fix broken landlines in the Northeast, instead steering customers to wireless Voice Link home phone service.The union is filing requests with regulators to try to uncover data about the extent of the problem.Verizon says the union is simply applying pressure ahead of contract talks later this month -- "It’s pure nonsense to say we’re abandoning our copper networks," a spokesman says -- but the complaints echo some from Hurricane Sandy, when Verizon was criticized for offering customers a complaint-plagued Voice Link while trying to avoid fixing copper damaged by the storm.As with other telecoms, Verizon has expressed a desire in the past to shut down its dwindling copper line system and replace it with cheaper and faster alternatives, namely wireless and fiber. The union acknowledged, though, that Verizon investing more in copper means more union jobs.Verizon invested $5.8B in wirelines last year, down 7.7% Y/Y. The company has about 10.5M residential landline customers, about half of which are on copper. Jun. 9, 2015, 10:20 AM | 32 Comments
Dish/T-Mobile: An easier path, but should Verizon get involved?
The current wisdom holds that Dish Network (NASDAQ:DISH) and T-Mobile's (NYSE:TMUS) combination bid might have a relatively easy time with regulators, and it shouldn't face debt problems either, says one analyst.“Dish bond covenants are very loose,” says Covenant Review analyst Scott Josefsberg, and the satellite provider would have “wide latitude to structure a transaction." Meanwhile, T-Mobile covenants allow for the firm to issue at least $10B more in debt. Dish Network has an enterprise value of $45.8B; T-Mobile's is $52.9B.Meanwhile, Citigroup's Michael Rollins says the other option is clear for spectrum-rich Dish: Sell itself to Verizon (NYSE:VZ).He thinks that's the likely outcome for a number of reasons, including the need for Verizon to keep up with AT&T/DirecTV, the spectrum shortage that Verizon currently faces heading into next year's incentive auction, and the chance for Dish to make a shift to IP video to "dramatically" increase magnitude and duration of video cash flows.He has Dish and T-Mobile rated at Buy and raised T-Mobile's price target to $46, while maintaining Dish's target at $94. Today: DISH +1.7% to $75.51; TMUS +2.3% to $40.24; VZ -1.8% to $47.25. Jun. 5, 2015, 5:39 PM | 6 Comments
Verizon declares $0.55 dividend
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) declares $0.55/share quarterly dividend, in line with previous.Forward yield 4.55%Payable Aug. 3; for shareholders of record July 10; ex-div July 8. Jun. 4, 2015, 11:41 AM | 12 Comments
Citigroup: Altice's next move may be $34B in Verizon wirelines
With an acquisition deal for Suddenlink in the rear-view mirror, France's Altice (OTC:ATCEY) might have its eye on a much bigger move into the U.S.: a purchase of Verizon's (NYSE:VZ) residential wireline business, including FiOS TV/Internet.That's according to Citigroup's Michael Rollins in his latest report. "While press reports suggests many in the market believe Cablevision is Altice's next acquisition, we believe an acquisition of Verizon's local wireline operation (excluding the enterprise and smaller strategic business units) is more likely," Rollins writes.Verizon sold local wireline operations in three states to Frontier Communications earlier this year. Verizon's remaining assets in that business could bring $34B, Rollins estimates.Altice, owner of Numericable and SFR in France, has aimed to merge those TV and wireless firms with Bouygues Telecom (OTCPK:BOUYY), to bring France's wireless market down to three major firms, but Bouygues has said nothing's in the pipeline."A sale of Verizon's remaining (local) operations could accelerate the reduction in financial leverage without meaningful dilution to free cash flow per share," Rollins says. "Such a move would also increase flexibility for Verizon to more aggressively pursue spectrum purchases and further scale for its emerging wireless, over-the-top video strategy." Jun. 3, 2015, 1:01 PM | 7 Comments
Malone hints at Charter-TWC wireless ambitions
Mogul John Malone floated an interesting idea today: Forget Sprint and T-Mobile -- the wireless industry could get its third major alternative to Verizon and AT&T (NYSE:T) with the merger of Charter Communications (CHTR -1.6%) and Time Warner Cable (TWC -0.9%).Malone was speaking at his various Liberty companies' annual meetings and noted that in 2012, the cable consortium SpectrumCo got an option to participate in a wireless MVNO service with Verizon (NYSE:VZ) after the wireless firm bought $3.9B in frequencies.Charter wasn't in SpectrumCo then, but merger partners TWC and Bright House are. “The concept that Comcast, a greatly enlarged Charter and Cox could together offer a WiFi-optimized connectivity service with a default to a Verizon MVNO is an interesting concept," Malone said.He thinks "there's very little dirty underwear" left to be found in a regulatory review of Charter-TWC after the past year's scrutiny.Also of interest regarding Charter capex and the dividend: “Everybody's going to say, ‘Oh he’s spending too much capital,’ but I think the end result with be worth it ... To a large degree we’re betting on Tom Rutledge and his team to wake up a sleepy cable company that was treading water in all honesty for a while and trying to satisfy shareholder pressures with buybacks and dividends as opposed to putting the money into having a competitive service offering.”Malone company shares today: LMCA -0.1%; LMCB flat; LMCK flat; LTRPA -0.9%; LTRPB +2.2%; QVCA +0.8%; LBRDA +0.1%; OTCQB:LBRDB flat; LBRDK -0.1%. Jun. 2, 2015, 6:46 PM | 10 Comments
AOL moving website to video-heavy, mobile-first look
On a runway to be taken over by Verizon (NYSE:VZ) -- for the purpose of lending its ad-tech expertise to a mobile-video push -- AOL says it's increasing its video output and moving Aol.com toward a mobile-first design.Mobile unique visitors to Aol.com have grown 79.5% over the past 12 months, and now make up 37.8% of traffic, the company says.It's promising participation from "premium content partners to next-generation creators, as well as content published and trending across social platforms." Jun. 2, 2015, 1:19 PM | 4 Comments
Cable customer service still coming up short
Time Warner Cable (NYSE:TWC) has this going for it: It no longer has the industry's worst customer service, at least according to Consumer Reports. That honor goes to smaller player Mediacom, though not by much -- and peers like Charter (NASDAQ:CHTR) and Comcast (NASDAQ:CMCSA) aren't much better than that.Armstrong and WideOpenWest were highest rated in all the services they provide, suggesting small really is better when it comes to customer service (though Mediacom has just 890K subscribers against TWC's 12.25M).When it comes to TV service, Verizon's FiOS (NYSE:VZ) and satellite providers Dish Network (NASDAQ:DISH) and DirecTV (NASDAQ:DTV) did very well with consumers. Jun. 1, 2015, 7:57 PM | 7 Comments
Reuters: FCC ready to side with AT&T, Verizon on spectrum
The FCC is close to rejecting T-Mobile's (TMUS -0.9%) push for more spectrum set-asides in next year's government auction -- expected to be the biggest yet -- and siding with market leaders AT&T (T -0.5%) and Verizon (NYSE:VZ), Reuters reports.The agency already has some set-aside planned, but T-Mobile has been aggressively lobbying for more (40 MHz of an expected 70-80 MHz reserved for smaller carriers like T-Mobile and Sprint (S -1.6%), rather than 30 MHz).Sources tell Reuters the panel's thinking is that an adequate amount is being set aside, and that frequent swing vote Jessica Rosenworcel looks disinclined to rethink the current plan.Previously: Analyst: Risky to bend auction rules too much for Sprint, T-Mobile (May. 14 2015)Previously: T-Mobile, Sprint gambling on increasing spectrum set-aside (Apr. 09 2015) May 28, 2015, 3:50 PM | 14 Comments
Verizon upgrading speeds for small-business FiOS customers
With one eye on the Internet of Things, Verizon (NYSE:VZ) is offering a promotion to small-business signups featuring FiOS Internet/voice bundles with 50 Mbps upload/download speeds for the 25/25 Mbps price.That applies to businesses in the FiOS fiber markets. With more devices "talking" to the network, Verizon expects upload activity will double by late 2016.The deal follows a similar previous move upgrading businesses on asymmetrical speed tiers to symmetrical ones via its SpeedMatch program (for example, 50/25 customers were upgraded to symmetrical 50 Mbps). May 26, 2015, 5:03 PM
Filings show three others approached AOL before Verizon buy
After Verizon (NYSE:VZ) went to AOL to talk deal last year -- talks that were ultimately successful in a $4.4B merger agreement -- it was approached by three other (unnamed) firms regarding an acquisition, newly filed documents show.Verizon had been thinking about a joint venture in order to get its hand on ad tech for its mobile video plans before going for the whole acquisition, the filings show.Along the way AOL had thought about selling off "brand assets" (Huffington Post, TechCrunch), and the fate of those sites is still an open question.AOL chief Tim Armstrong got a special Founders' Incentive Award of 1.5% of company market value at the time of the deal's completion (at a current $3.9B, a bonus of about $59M) -- though he holds options and shares that would bring him $179M and up.14D-9 filing May 26, 2015, 3:39 PM | 2 Comments
Goldman updates list of hedge funds most-shorted stocks
Alongside Goldman's list of 50 stocks appearing most as top holdings at hedge funds is its list of the 50 top shorts.New additions this quarter: Baxter Intl (NYSE:BAX), UPS, Marriott (NASDAQ:MAR), NextEra (NYSE:NEE), Ford (NYSE:F), National Oilwell Varco (NYSE:NOV), McDonald's (NYSE:MCD), M&T Bank (NYSE:MTB), CenturyLink (NYSE:CTL), Amgen (NASDAQ:AMGN), Pioneer Natural (NYSE:PXD), Duke Energy (NYSE:DUK), Seagate (NASDAQ:STX), AbbVie (NYSE:ABBV), Cisco (NASDAQ:CSCO).The full list (in order of $ value of short interest): AT&T (NYSE:T), Disney (NYSE:DIS), IBM, Verizon (NYSE:VZ), Intel (NASDAQ:INTC), Kinder Morgan (NYSE:KMI), Exxon (NYSE:XOM), Pfizer (NYSE:PFE), J&J (NYSE:JNJ), Deere (NYSE:DE), Caterpillar (NYSE:CAT), Exelon (NYSE:EXC), GE, Boeing (NYSE:BA), Halliburton (NYSE:HAL), Fox (NASDAQ:FOXA), Comcast (NASDAQ:CMCSA), UTX, Regeneron (NASDAQ:REGN), Merck (NYSE:MRK), salesforce.com (NYSE:CRM), AbbVie (ABBV), Conoco (NYSE:COP), Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT), Eli Lilly (NYSE:LLY), Celgene (NASDAQ:CELG), Schlumberger (NYSE:SLB), AutoZone (NYSE:AZO), Wells Fargo (NYSE:WFC), Emerson (NYSE:EMR), McDonald's (MCD), Reynolds (NYSE:RAI), Target (NYSE:TGT), Accenture (NYSE:ACN), Coca-Cola (NYSE:KO).
May 21, 2015, 9:30 AM | 76 Comments
Verizon: Fiber infrastructure conversions showing 60% savings
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) is seeing about 60% savings as it takes initial steps into converting central offices to fiber from its old copper infrastructure, its senior VP of transformation said at a conference today.The company has only transitioned seven of more than 2,000 COs, but it's seen enough to plan to switch them all over, making it the only carrier to make that attempt so far.The move was spurred after the company had to replace one of its largest New York COs, wrecked by Hurricane Sandy in 2012. Now, Verizon's Sowmyanarayan Sampath says, the company doesn't really need 60-80% of the 50M square feet of CO real estate it holds today.Why now? Copper revenues slides 8-10% each year while remaining a fixed cost. The old network is a $100B annual-revenue industry that costs $63B just to power.Speaking of Verizon and fiber: Cablevision (NYSE:CVC) has stepped up a legal scuffle with Verizon by filing suit, asking a judge to find that a Cablevision commercial claiming that Verizon's FiOS isn't "100% fiber optic" is true. Verizon had previously challenged the ad. Cablevision says that the service uses regular cable in the home. May 19, 2015, 9:39 PM | 2 Comments
Cable grabbing most broadband growth by far
Broadband subscribership grew by nearly 1.2M in Q1, according to a Leichtman Research Group report examining the top 17 ISPs.Cable made up 86% of that growth; Comcast (NASDAQ:CMCSA), the nation's largest MVPD, added 407K users by itself. It's the first quarter since Q1 2008 where cable logged more than 1M net broadband adds, says Bruce Leichtman.Overall, leading ISPs now boast 88.5M subscribers, cable with 53M of those.Not coincidentally, cable's recently had momentum on the network-investment front, with firms like Comcast and CenturyLink (NYSE:CTL) investing in their gigabit broadband installations.Related companies: VZ, T, CMCSA, CHTR, TWC, CVC, CTL, FTR, WIN, FRP, CBB Previously: A hint for Comcast's 2-Gig pricing? (May. 11 2015)Previously: Comcast call: Now more broadband company than cableco (May. 04 2015) May 15, 2015, 7:07 PM | 4 Comments
Analyst: Risky to bend auction rules too much for Sprint, T-Mobile
Bigger set-asides of spectrum for Sprint (NYSE:S) and T-Mobile (NYSE:TMUS) would risk ruining the upcoming broadcast incentive auction, says Recon Analytics' Roger Entner.Smaller competitors have asked for rules that limit how much spectrum giants AT&T (NYSE:T) and Verizon (NYSE:VZ) could bid in, but that risks ire from television broadcasters who will be on the receiving end of the bids, he says: "The fewer the restrictions, the smaller the set-asides, the more revenue will be generated during the auction."T-Mobile and Sprint have enough spectrum, so he suggests a better idea is a 20 MHz set-aside for small rural operators. The FCC is reserving 30 MHz of an expected 70-80 MHz; opponents want a 40 MHz set-aside. May 14, 2015, 7:00 PM | 15 Comments
Dish's Ergen: Auction approach made taxpayers richer despite 'sour grapes'
Facing criticism that his $3B wireless spectrum discount took money out of taxpayers' pockets -- and with the discount still unapproved by the FCC -- Dish Network (DISH +1.4%) CEO Charlie Ergen said it actually made taxpayers better off.Dish used designated entities ((DEs)) SNR Wireless and Northstar Wireless to bid for $13.3B in spectrum while paying only $10B due to their small-business discounts. Competitors and critics have cried foul, noting among other things that that was $3B taxpayers wouldn't see.Meanwhile, Ergen argues that the auction structure drove the total bidding to unforeseen levels, figuring that the bidding-up spurred by the DEs raised the value of the overall auction (which came in at $45B) by some $20B-$25B. Even with Dish's $3B discount, Ergen says, the taxpayers came out much further ahead.As for other complaints, "We don't have de facto or de jure control of those DEs, based on the structure that we have," Ergen says, while noting again the FCC was unanimous in setting the auction rules ahead of time."I think we followed the rules. I think there's some sour grapes ... perhaps a Verizon (NYSE:VZ) now sits back and says 'We don't have the fastest network, T-Mo has the faster network ... We lost customers in the first quarter.' "Previously: WSJ: FCC may reject $3.3B Dish Network spectrum discount (Apr. 27 2015)Previously: Reuters: FCC moving toward reform of wireless spectrum bidding (Mar. 23 2015) May 14, 2015, 12:33 PM | 4 Comments
AOL chief to net $179M from Verizon deal
AOL (NYSE:AOL) Chief Executive Tim Armstrong stands to net millions from the sale of his company to Verizon (NYSE:VZ), though he won't be eligible for a large portion of that money until a year after the deal closes.Armstrong has spent around $25M of his own cash building up his effective 6.7% stake in AOL. Profit from that sale, plus stock awards and options, would bring his total haul from the transaction to $179M, excluding taxes. May 14, 2015, 2:03 AM | 13 Comments
Not the old AOL: Verizon purchase all about ads
After earnings last week, AOL CEO Tim Armstrong pointed out how programmatic ads were key to the company's growth -- and now they're the key to its $4.4B acquisition by a video-focused Verizon (NYSE:VZ).For Verizon, the timing and focus will be on an upcoming video service that is likely to focus on shorter clips rather than long shows (in keeping with their stated target of mobile-viewing millennials) and would combine key assets in the OnCue service it bought from Intel and the ad-insertion tech that AOL provides. The benefit would come in faster, better ad sales. AOL's Platforms unit grew revenues 21% to $279.8M.Wells Fargo's Jennifer Fritzsche points out the difference between Verizon's strategy and that of AT&T: "While T believes there is a greater need to own more physical infrastructure (through DTV), VZ is building up more assets to strengthen its 'mobile first' OTT initiative -– with advertising playing a key role."Verizon's approach to video is cheaper, too, notes Andrew Dowell in comparing a 4.4B AOL deal with a $49B DirecTV deal: "Verizon is going after millennials. AT&T has its eye on their parents."Meanwhile, Macquarie has downgraded Verizon to Underperform, from Neutral, with a new price target of $45. Shares today are trading down 0.4% to $49.61; AOL is up 18.5% to $50.47. May 12, 2015, 3:44 PM | 9 Comments
Sprint, Verizon paying combined $158M in cramming settlement
Sprint (S -1%) will pay $68M and Verizon (VZ -0.4%) will pay $90M to settle cramming cases, where regulators charged that the carriers billed millions of dollars in unauthorized charges, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau said.Of the combined $158M, $120M will go in refunds to affected customers and another $38M in federal and state fines.Following on Sprint news earlier today, this means all of the big four carriers have agreed to pay compensation for cramming charges. Carriers generally stopped using the related premium messaging services after 2013.Previously: Sprint to pay $50M to settle cramming lawsuit (May. 12 2015) May 12, 2015, 3:28 PM | 3 Comments
Report: Amid Verizon talks, AOL exploring Huffington Post spinoff
AOL (AOL +18.7%) has been negotiating with multiple parties to spin off The Huffington Post amid its talks to sell itself to Verizon (VZ -0.6%) for $4.4B, Re/code reports.AOL bought The Huffington Post in February 2011 for $315M, and talks about spinning it off circle around a valuation of $1B, likely structured as a joint venture rather than an outright sale."We've seen a lot of interest in the content brands we have," AOL CEO Tim Armstrong told Kara Swisher, though AOL's other content properties (including sites like TechCrunch) are reportedly not part of these talks.For Verizon's part, to the extent the deal is also about sourcing video content for its streaming ambitions, HuffPost Live (the all-day video streaming network) has shown significant growth since its 2012 launch, and the company has pressed applications to bring it to conventional TV in Canada.Previously: Verizon scoops up AOL for $4.4B (May. 12 2015) May 12, 2015, 11:23 AM
Verizon scoops up AOL for $4.4B
The $50 per share deal will take the form of a tender offer followed by a merger, with AOL becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of Verizon (NYSE:VZ). AOL chief Tim Armstrong will continue to lead the company after the deal closes."Verizon's acquisition further drives its LTE wireless video and OTT (over-the-top video) strategy. The agreement will also support and connect to Verizon's IoT (Internet of Things) platforms, creating a growth platform from wireless to IoT for consumers and businesses," says the company.Closing is expected this summer.AOL +18% premarket to $50.25, VZ -0.95% May 12, 2015, 7:08 AM | 65 Comments
AT&T urges FCC to cap spectrum-auction credits at $10M
AT&T (NYSE:T) has urged the FCC to put a cap on wireless spectrum-auction bidding credits of $10M for designated entities ((DEs)), the companies funded by bigger firms that can bid on their behalf and earn small-business credits.Competitors have been harshly competitive of Dish Network (NASDAQ:DISH), who used two DEs in the AWS-3 auction to apply for $3B in bidding credits, effectively winning $13.3B in spectrum for just $10B in bids. The FCC is scrutinizing those credits, and a $10M cap would have effectively invalidated Dish's strategy.Meanwhile, the FCC is reportedly circulating a draft order for the 2016 broadcast incentive auction that is almost unchanged from the original, despite entreaties from various firms/groups (also including Verizon (NYSE:VZ)) for changes. The draft is scheduled to be released next month.Previously: WSJ: FCC may reject $3.3B Dish Network spectrum discount (Apr. 27 2015)Previously: Big bidders receive spectrum from FCC auction; Dish waiting (Apr. 10 2015) May 11, 2015, 8:53 PM | 11 Comments
Mayweather-Pacquiao leaping past records, but how high?
Broadcast revenues for Saturday's Floyd Mayweather-Manny Pacquiao fight might touch $300M, based on estimates of just how big the money-soaked event turned out to be worldwide.Co-promoters HBO (NYSE:TWX) and Showtime (NYSE:CBS) were still counting money today -- many buys come at the last minute -- but early pay-per-view buys indicated the matchup would surpass the previous record of 2.48M buys (2007 Mayweather-De La Hoya fight) as well as the revenue record of $152M (2013 Mayweather-Canelo Alvarez).Purchases came in fast and late enough that the fight itself was delayed Saturday night, to let networks process the transactions.Verizon (NYSE:VZ) said its purchases quintupled on Saturday, leading to its own PPV record of 250K buys. May 4, 2015, 7:51 PM | 7 Comments
Verizon, Cogent in multi-year interconnection deal
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) and Cogent Communications (NASDAQ:CCOI) averted a possible showdown by striking a multi-year interconnection pact that will govern Internet traffic exchanges between the telecom and the wholesaler.The deal is similar to one that Verizon reached with Level 3 Communications (NYSE:LVLT) previously. Firms like Cogent and Level 3 distribute traffic on behalf of major media firms like Netflix that deliver services via Internet, and they have increasingly fought with carriers over whether they should have to pay to connect to networks.In the meantime, disputes started to slow service for millions by late last year. Cogent founder and CEO Dave Schaeffer says links between the two companies are still "massively oversubscribed."Verizon says the new deal will let networks exchange data more easily, while Cogent points to the fact that it won't have to pay Verizon under the deal.The move makes some peace for the two in an area that is about to get heavy regulatory scrutiny under the FCC's new net neutrality rules. The agency reserved the power for one-on-one rulings in interconnection disputes that might come up if a carrier complains. May 1, 2015, 6:07 PM | 2 Comments
T-Mobile's Legere: Still open to cable combination
During T-Mobile's (NYSE:TMUS) Q1 earnings call, colorful CEO John Legere took another opportunity to hint at the tie-up that increasingly seems to be in the company's future: with a cableco that offers broadband.Just days after FCC opposition killed the Comcast-TWC merger, Legere pointed to the need to counterbalance AT&T (NYSE:T) and Verizon (NYSE:VZ), which combine wireless service with broadband offerings and even TV business.Regulators seem to be opposed to cable-cable deals, and wireless-wireless deals like aborted plans for a Sprint (NYSE:S) merger with T-Mobile -- but Legere notes a natural fit may occur across industries: "The tangential players are touching mobile players in a way that makes a go-to-market strategy."Analyst Craig Moffett urges caution, as regulators might already see the two industries as competition. "Wireless broadband is clearly the FCC's best hope for a counter to cable's wired advantage. They might decide that they aren't ready to allow a combination like that."Possible cable suitors: CMCSA, TWC, CHTR, CVC After earnings today, TMUS -0.3%.Related: T-Mobile US (TMUS) Q1 2015 Results - Earnings Call Transcript (Apr. 28 2015)Previously: T-Mobile grows Q1 revenues 13%, adds 1.8M subscribers (Apr. 28 2015)Previously: T-Mobile keeps fanning Dish partnership flames (Mar. 06 2015) Apr. 28, 2015, 8:42 PM | 21 Comments
WSJ: FCC may reject $3.3B Dish Network spectrum discount
A few months after Dish Network (NASDAQ:DISH) made the surprise bids in the FCC's AWS-3 wireless spectrum auction, the FCC may reject the company's $3.3B in small-business discounts it sought, The Wall Street Journal reports.The discounts have been unapproved since the auction. Competing bidders including T-Mobile (NYSE:TMUS), AT&T (NYSE:T) and Verizon (NYSE:VZ) -- along with FCC commissioner Ajit Pai -- raised loud complaints about Dish's use of two designated entities, SNR Wireless and Northstar Wireless, to bid for $13.3B in spectrum but pay only $10B.FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler reportedly told his staff after the auction that something didn't "smell right." Both Dish Network and its partner in Northstar Wireless stuck up for the practice.If the discounts are rejected, the small companies would have to pay back the discounts or risk losing the licenses. Apr. 27, 2015, 6:11 PM | 3 Comments
ESPN sues Verizon over 'skinny bundle' TV offering
ESPN (NYSE:DIS) has filed a lawsuit against Verizon (NYSE:VZ) alleging the programmer's "skinny bundle" FiOS Custom TV is a breach of contract, bringing the simmering disagreement to a legal head."We are well within our rights under our agreements to offer our customers these choices," a Verizon spokeswoman told Variety in response.Verizon is offering smaller program bundles in its base package, while ESPN argues its contract prohibits including its networks on a separately priced tier.The suit was filed in the New York Supreme Court.Twenty-First Century Fox (FOX, FOXA) had joined Disney in refusing to air ads for Verizon's new service in some markets.Previously: Bundle fight: Verizon says Disney refusing ads for new service (Apr. 23 2015)Previously: More challenge Verizon's new TV bundles (Apr. 22 2015) Apr. 27, 2015, 12:47 PM | 26 Comments
Bundle fight: Verizon says Disney refusing ads for new service
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) says that Walt Disney (NYSE:DIS) -- one of a group of program providers that claim Verizon's new slim cable packages violate their contracts -- is refusing to carry Verizon's ads for the new packages.NBCUniversal (NASDAQ:CMCSA) and Twenty-First Century Fox (FOX, FOXA) joined Disney this week in saying that Verizon's plan to let subscribers choose smaller, cheaper bundles violated their carriage agreements. Verizon CFO Fran Shammo said firmly that the company wouldn't retract the product.Fox and NBC haven't pulled the ads so far. Disney owns the ABC Network as well as the ESPN networks.The new Verizon plans, designed to offer more variety than large one-size-fits-all bundles, start at $55/month for a smaller channel lineup. They're available on Verizon's FiOS service, which has 5.7M TV subscribers.Previously: Disney: Not so fast on skinny bundling, Verizon (Apr. 17 2015) Apr. 23, 2015, 5:21 PM | 5 Comments
Analysts: Google's Fi service offers limited benefits for Sprint, T-Mobile
Google's Project Fi wireless MVNO (mobile virtual network operator) service will piggyback on the networks of Sprint (S +2%) and T-Mobile (TMUS +2.2%) when it's not using Wi-Fi to route calls and data -- and while traffic is better than "no traffic," analysts at Cowen and Evercore say it won't mean much benefit for the two wireless firms.Colby Synesael of Cowen says that financial gains will be limited for the two (and for Google): It's all about Google trying to shape the market in ways that might eventually pay off. The offer is "compelling" on price and technology and could make a monetary difference if device support grows, but it's more likely about carriers making Fi's practices mainstream, he says.On price, the data giveback and international aspects of Fi could pressure AT&T (NYSE:T), Sprint and Verizon (NYSE:VZ) to follow suit, Synesael writes.Evercore's Jonathan Schildkraut found the announcement in line with expectations, though "we also would not rule out a potential relationship between GOOG and the MSOs' Wi-Fi networks as another way to dis-intermediate the traditional carrier," he writes. "Not as Bad as Expected for T and VZ. We view the higher than expected toll to get on the network ($20) as likely better for carriers than anticipated."Previously: Google launches Fi mobile service - $20/month for voice/text, $10 per GB (Apr. 22 2015) Apr. 22, 2015, 8:29 PM | 18 Comments
More challenge Verizon's new TV bundles
More grumbling is being heard over Verizon's (NYSE:VZ) new skinny TV packages, which launched on Sunday starting at $55/month.NBCUniversal (NASDAQ:CMCSA) and Fox (NASDAQ:FOXA) now join ESPN (NYSE:DIS) in saying the company's new offering violates their contract agreements."We have launched the product, we are not retracting it, and we believe we are in our legal rights to launch it," Verizon CFO Fran Shammo said in an interview.Previously: Disney: Not so fast on skinny bundling, Verizon (Apr. 17 2015)Previously: Verizon steps closer to custom TV packages (Apr. 17 2015) Apr. 22, 2015, 3:24 AM | 1 Comment
Verizon: Won't ride price war down, won't change FiOS skinny bundles
In an earnings call today, Verizon (VZ -0.4%) CFO Fran Shammo added some color to how the company will treat customers in the ongoing mobile price war: by adding value, not by cutting prices.“If the customer who is just price-sensitive and does not care about the quality of the network -- or is sufficient with just paying a lower price -- that’s probably the customer we’re not going to be able to keep,” Shammo said.The company is banking on its new video service to add value, though ultimately that will depend significantly on structure and pricing. A sponsorship deal means content companies would carry the cost so consumers wouldn't have to -- if the FCC allows.Elsewhere, Shammo responded firmly to criticism from ESPN about plans for a FiOS skinny bundle: “We have launched the product, we are not retracting it, and we believe we are in our legal rights to launch it."Previously: Verizon profits, revenue rise as churn declines (Apr. 21 2015)Previously: Disney: Not so fast on skinny bundling, Verizon (Apr. 17 2015)Previously: Mobile price war taking a toll, cutting average bills (Apr. 17 2015) Apr. 21, 2015, 5:00 PM | 1 Comment
Verizon profits, revenue rise as churn declines
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) is flat premarket after a first quarter where it added 565K net retail postpaid wireless connections (up 4.8% Y/Y) and churn fell back to 1.03%, from a prior-year 1.07% and Q4's 1.14%.On an adjusted basis, EPS of $1.02 was up from last year's $0.84 after accounting for gains from the company's acquisition of full ownership of Verizon Wireless in February 2014. EBITDA of $11.95B beat expectations by $420.4M.Revenue by segment: Wireless, $22.3B (up 6.9%; Service revenue of $17.9B, equipment revenue of $3.4B); Wireline, $9.5B (down 2%; Mass market revenue of $4.6B, Global Enterprise of $3.3B, Global Wholesale of $1.5B).Operating income of $8B was up 11.2%, and operating income margin up to 24.9% from the prior year's 23.2%. EBITDA margin rose to 37.4% from 36.7%.The company's monetization of tower assets led cash flow from operations to rise to $10.2B from $7.1B, but excluding tower impact, free cash flow was up to $4.2B from $3B.FiOS revenues were up 10.2% Y/Y, to $3.35B. Verizon added 133K net new FiOS Internet and 90K net new FiOS Video connections to bring totals to 6.7M Internet and 5.7M Video connections.Verizon's retail postpaid average revenue per account fell to $156.14 from $159.67. Smartphone postpaid accounts rose to 91.4% of phones activated. Apr. 21, 2015, 8:53 AM | 7 Comments
Verizon beats by $0.07, misses on revenue
Verizon (NYSE:VZ): Q1 EPS of $1.02 beats by $0.07.Revenue of $31.98B (+3.8% Y/Y) misses by $290M.Shares +0.36% PM. Apr. 21, 2015, 7:40 AM | 10 Comments
Notable earnings before Tuesday’s open
ABG, ACI, AMTD, ARMH, ATI, BHI, CLS, CP, CS, DD, DOV, EAT, EDU, FITB, GCI, GPC, HOG, ITW, JAKK, KMB, KSU, LECO, LMT, LPT, MAN, MLNX, MTG, NTRS, NVR, OMC, PCAR, PNR, RF, SAH, SAP, SBNY, SNV, TCB, TRV, TTS, UA, UTX, VZ, WIT Apr. 20, 2015, 5:30 PM | 3 Comments
Disney: Not so fast on skinny bundling, Verizon
A spokesperson for ESPN (NYSE:DIS) has weighed in on reports that Verizon (NYSE:VZ) will offer unbundled or "skinny" packages to give customers choice about what they receive -- and ESPN says that's not allowed.“Media reports about Verizon’s new contemplated bundles describe packages that would not be authorized by our existing agreements," says the company's statement. "Among other issues, our contracts clearly provide that neither ESPN nor ESPN2 may be distributed in a separate sports package.”The move's unsurprising coming from ESPN, which charges the highest prices per subscriber by far among national cable peers, reportedly now more than $6/month. That compares with TNT at around $1.48/subscriber month.ESPN has made defending bundles a policy priority in Washington, and companies with powerful bundles of channels like Disney (with the various flavors of ESPN as well as the Disney Channel and Soapnet) can force channels with low or no consumer interest into bundles with the desired flagship stations to build their audience.The statement suggests Verizon didn't get a sign-off from Disney before talking about unbundling, though Peter Kafka reports that Verizon's Alberto Canal said the company had gotten authorization from all programmers in its new bundle. Apr. 17, 2015, 9:13 PM | 36 Comments
Mobile price war taking a toll, cutting average bills
Mobile phone consumers might be happy, but the industry's price war is showing up as average revenue per account is dropping, according to Cowen's quarterly wireless survey.Bills fell for a second straight quarter, to an average of $136/month, down from Q4's $141. The biggest drop came to Sprint (NYSE:S), whose "Cut Your Bill in Half" promotion is taking hold by reducing its average bill 14% Q/Q to $132/month.Verizon (NYSE:VZ) is below $150 for the first time in the survey, slipping 5% to $143.On the other hand, AT&T (NYSE:T) was essentially flat at $143/month and T-Mobile (NYSE:TMUS) actually increased ARPA 4% to $121.Sprint may face a churn problem: 24% of subscribers whose contracts are up in the next six months say they'll leave, above the industry average of 13%.Subscribers without contracts are up to 34.5% from Q4's 30.5%, spurred by T-Mobile's huge contract-less base. Apr. 17, 2015, 7:54 PM | 42 Comments
Morningstar's dividend guru drops AT&T for lower-yielding Verizon
AT&T (NYSE:T) is a dividend stalwart, yielding 5.7%, but Morningstar DividendInvestor Editor Josh Peters dropped it from his model portfolio in favor of lower-yielding Verizon (NYSE:VZ).He's willing to swap for Verizon's 4.5% yield because the "quality, the safety of the dividend, and the growth of the dividend and the total return it will drive are superior."He lost some patience with AT&T's wandering outside of core business rather than sticking to its knitting and growing the dividend faster than 2%. Verizon is focused on U.S. wireless with better capital allocation, he says.Coverage plays a part as well: "Verizon is covering its dividend 1.5 times with free cash flow. AT&T is just barely covering its dividend now with free cash."Josh Peters video interview Apr. 17, 2015, 3:40 PM | 30 Comments
Verizon steps closer to custom TV packages
Starting April 19, Verizon's (NYSE:VZ) FiOS service will offer new TV packages aimed at giving customers flexibility to purchase only certain groups of channels they want to watch."While this is not all-the-way a la carte, customers have the ability to consolidate and collapse the kind of content they want to view," announced President of Verizon FiOS Tami Erwin.FiOS’s cheapest plan will cost $55/month and include two channel packs. Each additional package, which can consist of 10-17 channels, will cost $10/month.Customers will also be able to switch to a different channel pack after having one for 30 days. Apr. 17, 2015, 4:36 AM | 7 Comments
Verizon adds college-sports boost to coming video service
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) is turning to college sports for its mobile-first streaming video service, inking deals with a number of partners to fill out an offering that should have 20-30 channels later this year.The company has deals with ACC Digital Network, Campus Insiders, CBS Sports, ESPN and 120 Sports to join its deal for 200 hours with Awesomeness TV (NASDAQ:DWA).What does Verizon get? "Dozens of live major college games" from CBS and "select live college football and college games" as well as original-entertainment shows like 30 for 30 from ESPN (NYSE:DIS).Pricing and packaging for the service are still unresolved, but Verizon does plan to offer it only via its mobile data plans at first. Apr. 16, 2015, 1:31 PM
And they're off: Telecom groups sue FCC over net neutrality
With the FCC's new net neutrality rules published in the Federal Register, AT&T (NYSE:T) and three industry trade groups representing cablecos and wireless carriers have filed separate lawsuits challenging the rules, which subject firms to heavier "telecom services" regulations.AT&T is the first large individual challenger, joined by the National Cable and Telecommunications Association, wireless group CTIA and the smaller American Cable Association. The NCTA has hired former solicitor General Ted Olson, who argued Bush v. Gore before the Supreme Court.Publication in the Federal Register means the rules take effect 60 days from yesterday -- which is why affected companies had their briefs warmed up.Represented/related companies: VZ, TMUS, S, CMCSA, CHTR, TWC, CVC, CTL, FTR, CCOI, DISH, DTV Apr. 14, 2015, 7:17 PM | 53 Comments
Big bidders receive spectrum from FCC auction; Dish waiting
AT&T (NYSE:T), Verizon (NYSE:VZ) and T-Mobile (NYSE:TMUS) have received the AWS-3 wireless spectrum licenses that they bid for in a record FCC auction, but -- with a complicated application that involved its use of designated entities as bidders -- Dish Network (NASDAQ:DISH) has not, yet.Dish spent the second-most in the auction ($13.3B gross bids, to AT&T's $18.2B), but its use of three DEs was criticized by competitors and Republican FCC commissioners alike, and it was missing from the agency's new list of 11 of 31 bidders whose bids were found to be complete and paid in full.Still, given time, Dish is expected to ultimately get confirmed for its spectrum, as challenges to its approach haven't found traction -- at least this year. The FCC is reviewing its rules for DE bidding in advance of 2016's low-band spectrum auction."We ... still don't believe any restrictive or punitive action can take place on Dish's designated entities as a result of the AWS-3 auction," says Walter Piecyk of BTIG.Previous FCC auction news Apr. 10, 2015, 8:32 AM
Infonetics: Nearly 1B fixed broadband subscribers by 2019
In a new report on fiber, DSL and cable broadband subscribers, Infonetics Research projects that consumers are driving global fixed broadband adoption toward a 5% compound annual growth rate through 2019, from a current base of 733M (up 8% last year).Global growth will lead the way, the firm says, especially in China (Asia Pacific has 50% of the world's fixed broadband subscribers, and China Telecom (NYSE:CHA) is the worldwide share leader) -- as well as Russia, Brazil, Mexico, Arrgentina, Indonesia, Thailand and Vietnam.Other insights: DSL's still the biggest technology, but growth is coming via fiber-to-the-home and DOCSIS 3.0 cable; and FTTH subscribers grew 22% last year to cross the 100M-subscriber line.U.S.-traded players in the firm's report: T, BT, CHA, CHU, CHT, CMCSA, OTCQX:DTEGY, OTCPK:KDDIY, KT, NTT, ORAN, OTCQX:ROSYY, TI, TEF, OTCPK:TELNY, OTCPK:TLSNY, OTC:TMXLF, OTCPK:TLSYY, TWC, OTC:TRKNY, VZ, VIP, VOD Apr. 9, 2015, 10:00 PM | 3 Comments
Wolff: Get ready for 'M&A mania' with media consolidation
Don't let recent merger challenges and failures fool you, Michael Wolff argues: "M&A mania" is coming to a media conglomerate near you amid pressure for a new wave of consolidation."Perhaps never before has consolidation been so much the flavor of the month, nor has it seemed so difficult to get a taste," he writes. "The table is set, but nobody's sitting down to eat."If Comcast (NASDAQ:CMCSA) fails in its bid for Time Warner Cable (NYSE:TWC), he notes, it just means other cablers will step up to match Comcast's ambition, and Comcast will still look for a way to stay dominant.He points to a number of mergers he thinks are easily imaginable: Viacom (NASDAQ:VIA) and FOX? Disney (NYSE:DIS) and Time Warner (NYSE:TWX)? TWC and Charter (NASDAQ:CHTR)? Discovery (NASDAQ:DISCA) and, well, most anyone (Disney, Fox, CBS)?Factors encouraging the wave: Media's all about video now, and the pure-play aspect makes merger logic cleaner; distribution and content are separate and now even antagonistic businesses; the growth of over-the-top means not unbundling but re-bundling; and everyone needs scale for negotiation strength in content and ad deals.Other key players: John Malone (LMCA, LBTYA, STRZA); Verizon (NYSE:VZ); Lions Gate (NYSE:LGF); Scripps Networks (NYSE:SNI); Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX); DirecTV (NASDAQ:DTV) and AT&T (NYSE:T); Dish Network (NASDAQ:DISH). Apr. 9, 2015, 9:08 PM | 17 Comments
10 high-quality S&P 500 stocks that yield 3.5% and up - Barron's
T, PM, VZ, DUK, STX, GM, GE, MCD, CAT and DOW are 10 “high-quality” S&P 500 stocks with dividend yields of 3.5-5.7% and promising growth potential, Barron’s says, citing Howard Silverblatt of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services.60 companies in the S&P 500 yield 3.5% or more, but the above stocks cover their dividends from estimated 2015 earnings. The list also excludes REITs and MLPs. Apr. 5, 2015, 9:18 AM | 64 Comments
Google is looking to solve expensive roaming charges
Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) is in talks with Hutchison Whampoa (OTCPK:HUWHY, OTCPK:HUWHF) for a deal that would allow Americans to use their phones abroad at no extra cost. Hutchison could give Google access to mobile service in the UK, Ireland, Italy, and several more markets.Google's goal, sources say, is to create a global network with the same cost for calls, texts, and data no matter where a customer is located. Hutchison would be a natural partner for Google, because it has also sought to eliminate roaming charges for its customers.Google has so far described its mobile network aspirations as "small scale." A serious move by Google or Apple to enter the mobile market would be feared by U.S. giants AT&T (NYSE:T), Verizon (NYSE:VZ), Sprint (NYSE:S) and others. Apr. 5, 2015, 8:47 AM | 28 Comments
Moody's: Pay TV in strong position against over-the-top
Over-the-top video services seems to have accelerating momentum as more unbundling happens every week, but high-yield pay-TV companies have little to worry about just yet, Moody's says in a new report.Customer inertia along with the limited competition they now face should buy providers time to adjust."Evolutionary, not revolutionary" is how the firm describes the pay-TV shift, saying that OTT providers, including Sony and Apple, will take a small number of subscribers for now -- even though consumer perception seems to favor OTT options.The firm notes rising bills could force defections, but "the average customer may not realize how much content traditional pay TV service provides, from video on demand and across multiple devices."Pay TV stocks today: (CMCSA +1.5%), (TWC +1.9%), (CVC +0.9%), (CHTR -0.6%), (T +0.7%), (VZ +1.1%)
Apr. 2, 2015, 4:26 PM | 19 Comments
Verizon video plans may face net-neutrality headwind
Verizon's (NYSE:VZ) plans to join competitors with its own mobile video streaming service (as early as June, in Verizon's case) could hit a snag with the FCC's recent net neutrality ruling.The key comes in data caps that most wireless customers face; trying to treat video as a "managed service" and exempting the streaming usage from the caps "would be a very provocative move," says analyst Craig Moffett. "I don't think the FCC would be pleased."Unlike key competitors pressing their own over-the-top services -- Sony, Dish Network, Apple -- Verizon operates its own 4G network, and could face resistance from content partners that need to maintain relationships with the pay-TV providers.If a managed service doesn't fly with the FCC, Verizon may need to sell unlimited LTE or its streaming plans could get too costly.Verizon may make the service ad-supported, in part or whole replacing subscription revenues, CFO Fran Shammo suggested last week. The company bought its OnCue streaming tech from Intel last year and has Digital Media Services technology to splice in ads. Mar. 31, 2015, 9:08 PM | 2 Comments
American Tower closes $5B site takeover from Verizon
American Tower (NYSE:AMT) says it's closed its $5.06B transaction to take over tower sites from Verizon (NYSE:VZ) -- which sought to sell off tower and wireline assets after bidding heavily in the FCC's AWS-3 wireless spectrum auction.AMT drew funds from its offering of 25.85M shares of common stock and 13.75M depositary shares, as well as revolving credit and cash on hand.American Tower reported $313.5M in cash in its most recent quarter.AMT up 0.5%; VZ up 0.8%.Previously: Verizon reaches $5B sale of towers to American Tower (Feb. 05 2015) Mar. 30, 2015, 10:03 AM
AT&T Mobility chief: No worries if Sprint, T-Mobile unite
Glenn Lurie, CEO of AT&T Mobility (NYSE:T), says he's not worried about the outcome if Sprint (NYSE:S) and T-Mobile (NYSE:TMUS) -- third and fourth in the U.S. wireless market behind AT&T and Verizon (NYSE:VZ) -- decide to merge."We are a very, very different company than the other three," he tells FierceWireless. "So whatever happens with them, I'm not really that concerned. I'm concerned about how we execute and how we operate."His No. 1 goal, Lurie says, is to reduce churn and preserve the company's current subscribers in order to upsell other services.Chatter continues to suggest that Sprint and T-Mobile may have to think about combining to achieve competitive scale, and in the meantime they're firing salvos in a price war that Lurie says AT&T won't join: "This industry is not commoditized at all."Previously: Goldman upgrades T-Mobile; DT reiterates merger wish (Jan. 20 2015) Mar. 27, 2015, 8:58 PM | 37 Comments
Verizon CEO McAdam got 16% raise in 2014
As it set its annual meeting for May 7, Verizon (NYSE:VZ) reveals in its proxy statement that CEO Lowell McAdam got total compensation in 2014 of $18.3M, up almost 16% from 2013.Base pay for McAdam rose to $1.6M, up almost 7%.CFO Fran Shammo earned $6.5M total, up 9%, while base pay was $815K, up 7%. Executive VP Daniel Mead -- who will direct transferring the company's wireline assets to Frontier Communications and then retire -- earned $7.7M in total comp (up 7%), while base pay was $940.4K, up almost 7%.EVP John Stratton earned $6.3M in total comp, and EVP Randal Milch earned $5.6M. Mar. 23, 2015, 5:28 PM | 24 Comments
Reuters: FCC moving toward reform of wireless spectrum bidding
In the wake of loud complaints from competitors about Dish Network's (NASDAQ:DISH) wireless spectrum bidding strategy -- using small-business partners to draw a 25% discount as "designated entities" -- the FCC is edging closer to reforming the process, Reuters reports.After being called to Congress and promising to "fix" the bidding rules, FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler is circulating a document to fellow commissioners to discuss specifics on how to reform the program.In particular, AT&T (NYSE:T), Verizon (NYSE:VZ) and T-Mobile (NYSE:TMUS) complained of "distortion" in the bidding process created by Dish's practice of bidding through its DEs.While using DEs is common practice, the size of that auction meant that Dish saved billions via the 25% discount.The recent AWS-3 spectrum auction drew a record $45B -- but a "low-band" auction coming next year may be even more crucial to the industry competitors, as that spectrum is key to the ability to stretch wireless signal further into buildings.More on FCC auctions Mar. 23, 2015, 4:34 PM
Barron's 400 rebalance adds/drops multiple names
The Barron's 400 has regularly beaten the S&P 500 (NYSEARCA:SPY) since its 2007 launch, writes Chris Dieterich, and also powers the Barron's 400 ETF (NYSEARCA:BFOR), which has topped the S&P 500 by nearly 500 basis points since starting in June 2013. BFOR is up 6% YTD, more than double that of the S&P 500.Among those added to the index during last week's twice-yearly rebalancing were Celgene (NASDAQ:CELG), American Airlines (NASDAQ:AAL), Starbucks (NASDAQ:SBUX), and Ameriprise Financial (NYSE:AMP).Among those dropped were McDonald's (NYSE:MCD), Wells Fargo (NYSE:WFC), Verizon (NYSE:VZ), and IBM.A "ruthless" quantitative security-selection method screens for growth, value, and cash flow, and filters further with other factors such as diversification. Mar. 23, 2015, 3:24 PM | 22 Comments
T-Mobile launches business push with low-price packages
At its latest "un-carrier" marketing event, T-Mobile (TMUS +0.6%) started taking the price war to business, pushing low-cost plans for small and medium businesses that are about half that of rivals AT&T (NYSE:T) and Verizon (NYSE:VZ).The company is launching a plan that offers switching companies a rate of $15/line for 20-plus lines, featuring unlimited talk and text and 1 GB of data, upgradeable to unlimited data for $30. The price drops to $10/line for 1,000 or more.It's also picking up device costs (up to $650) for switchers.T-Mobile is the smallest of the big four wireless providers, but CEO John Legere says it's not making desperation moves: "This is not a diving, 'hail mary' pass for us -- we're growing like crazy," he says in Q&A. "This is logical, planned growth."IDC says T-Mobile increased its share in business services to 10% from 3% last year.Legere also pointed to the importance of the coming low-band spectrum auction: "That [recent AWS-3 auction] wasn't an important auction for us. The low-band is." Mar. 18, 2015, 2:20 PM | 3 Comments
Today at the telecom price war: T-Mobile upgrades, Sprint picking up tabs
More in a growing series of moves from America's No. 3 and No. 4 carriers to cut into the share of AT&T (NYSE:T) and Verizon (NYSE:VZ) ...T-Mobile (NYSE:TMUS) is offering selected customers a free upgrade to unlimited 4G LTE for the rest of 2015. The customers are getting a text link to a page describing their upgrade. However, those customers will lose their rollover Data Stash unless they opt out of the freebie.In a boundless push for customers, Sprint (NYSE:S), meanwhile, is upping the ante on its aggressive pricing by offering to pay all of a customer's costs to switch to them -- remaining phone installments, termination fees, regardless of the amount. The company is requiring that you turn in your current phone and a bill showing the charges due.Previously: With declining postpaid ARPU, Sprint eyes customer growth (Feb. 05 2015) Mar. 13, 2015, 5:57 PM | 57 Comments
Industry reactions as FCC reveals net neutrality order
The FCC released its lengthy order on net neutrality and Title II regulation today, starting a timetable to get it into the Federal Register and then a 60-day period to put the rules into effect.Overall, the 400-page order leaves some case-by-case room for the agency to work out a few details along the way.The order may have been most anticipated by telecom lawyers (T, VZ), who may be preparing their lawsuits for just over 60 days from now.Notable news is that the agency doesn't just plan some forbearance on Title II regulation (involving treating Internet carriers as a public utility), but vast forbearance, in what seems an industry-friendly move; the focus from here may be on the details of just how much is actually "vast."Interconnection (governing traffic exchange agreements; key to NFLX) and sponsored data programs are subject to case-by-case review rather than the bright-line rules -- suggesting a light hand from the agency on such deals, for now.Industry reaction from NCTA (Cableco trade group): "Confirms our fear that the Commission has ... instituted a regulatory regime change for the Internet that will lead to years of litigation, serious collateral consequences for consumer, and ongoing market uncertainty."AT&T (NYSE:T): "Ultimately, though, we are confident the issue will be resolved by bipartisan action by Congress or a future FCC, or by the courts."Netflix: "The FCC’s order is a step toward ensuring Americans get the Internet access they pay for and content providers like us have recourse from broadband monopolists demanding what the FCC called 'unfair tolls.' "Also: the FCC's municipal broadband preemption order Mar. 12, 2015, 11:11 PM | 17 Comments
TiVo: 1.5M cord-cutters in the wings amid mass dissatisfaction
Digitalsmiths -- the data research company owned by TiVo (NASDAQ:TIVO) -- has a white paper out suggesting that 1.5M Americans plan to cut the cord and ditch their pay television service, while another 38.1M are dissatisfied -- two-thirds of those because of the cost.The report -- based on its sample of more than 3,000 subscribers -- says 8.9% switched pay-TV providers in the prior three months, up 2.1% Y/Y.Another interesting number: 78.7% of respondents watch 10 channels or fewer -- which has to make future cord-cutters wonder what they're really paying for.While the report is largely bad news for pay TV, parent company TiVo is marketing devices both for cord-cutters and for its pay-TV partners. And 20.4% of survey takers recently upped the level of their pay service. (hat tip: FierceCable)Pay TV stocks today: CMCSA -1.1%; TWC -0.5%; CVC -1%; CHTR +0.7%; T -0.5%; VZ +0.4%. Mar. 11, 2015, 8:34 PM | 39 Comments
DreamWorks 2.3% higher as Verizon orders 200 hours of TV
DreamWorks Animation (NASDAQ:DWA) is up 2.3% as Verizon (NYSE:VZ) seals a deal to add 200 hours of original video content to its upcoming video service from DWA's AwesomenessTV and DreamWorksTV, targeting teens and young millennials with over-the-top video.The programming will include scripted and unscripted series as well as DreamWorks original characters.AwesomenessTV, acquired by DreamWorks in 2013, features 7B views and 112M subscribers.The deal will take some pressure off what some, like BTIG's Richard Greenfield, see as a heavy dependence on Netflix. Mar. 11, 2015, 12:51 PM
Verizon CFO: In Q1, increasing churn not a concern
The price war may have "calmed a bit," says Verizon (VZ -0.7%) CFO Fran Shammo, but the company still expects wireless cancellations to increase in the first quarter.Speaking to the Deutsche Bank conference, Shammo says the industry really heated up last year, with 90 price moves compared to about 20 the prior year. Retail postpaid churn jumped to 1.14% in Q4.Shammo sees more of the same this quarter but says the company isn't concerned.And more in transition: Along with Dan Mead's planned retirement after he directs the wireline asset sale to Frontier Communications, Shammo announced the retirement of Verizon's chief technology officer, Tony Melone.Previously: Carriage dispute drops Weather Channel from Verizon FiOS (Mar. 10 2015) Mar. 10, 2015, 10:21 AM | 6 Comments
Carriage dispute drops Weather Channel from Verizon FiOS
The Weather Channel went dark on Verizon (NYSE:VZ) FiOS stations today as carriage agreements expired without renewal. Verizon has placed AccuWeather Network content on the stations where TWC lived.It's not the first showdown for the Weather Channel, owned in part by NBCUniversal (NASDAQ:CMCSA) along with Bain Capital and Blackstone (NYSE:BX). A year ago the channel took a few months' hiatus from DirecTV over a carriage fee dispute and returned thanks to Hilton Hotels' insistence.The channel has a bit of weight to throw around -- it's tops on the Nielsen list of national networks, with 97.1M subscribers.Verizon shares are down 0.7% premarket. Mar. 10, 2015, 9:04 AM | 11 Comments
Verizon declares $0.55 dividend
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) declares $0.55/share quarterly dividend, in line with previous.Forward yield 4.55%Payable May 1; for shareholders of record April 10; ex-div April 8. Mar. 6, 2015, 1:03 PM | 5 Comments
Google confirms coming wireless phone service
At Mobile World Congress, Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) confirms its plans to offer wireless phone service "in the coming months" -- a small MVNO, or mobile virtual network operator, where it would offer branded services by piggybacking on a partner's network.The company says its entry will be modest and designed to showcase technological innovation, similar to what it does with its Nexus branded hardware, made by partners. But in a hotly competitive market, it could take share and have an impact on whichever competitors it doesn't align with (T, VZ, TMUS, S).Google hasn't named whose network it would ride on, but it has service-reseller deals with Sprint and T-Mobile.Besides its direct impact on the fortunes of competitors, which might be small, Google's move might spur innovation from them if it moves on a vision of better wireless connectivity.This afternoon: GOOG +2%. Mar. 2, 2015, 3:12 PM | 41 Comments
FCC vote: And now the congressional hearings
Fresh off their vote for re-regulation of Internet transmissions, the five FCC commissioners will be spending mid-March on Capitol Hill answering to the GOP Congress.The House Energy and Commerce Committee is holding its hearing March 19, a day after the members are scheduled with the Senate Commerce Committee.The chairmen of the two committees, Greg Walden and John Thune, are backing a bill that would reverse the FCC's Title II reclassification (treating Internet providers more like utilities) and substantively narrow its approach to ensuring net neutrality.Following the 3-2 vote, major carriers indicated their strategy would be twofold: Lawsuits (CMCSA, T, VZ, CHTR worried about "years" of litigation); and legislative action to undo the move, with a cooperative congress apparently ready to act.Other related stocks: CVC, TWC, CTL, FTR, ELNK, DISH, DTV, CCOI Feb. 27, 2015, 6:37 PM | 66 Comments
Verizon joins chorus complaining of Dish bid tactics
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) has joined peers, including AT&T (NYSE:T) and T-Mobile (NYSE:TMUS), in complaining to the FCC that Dish Network (NASDAQ:DISH) distorted the results of the FCC's AWS-3 wireless spectrum auction with its bidding tactics.Verizon ran its own analysis of the data and concluded close coordination between Dish and its designated entities ((DEs)) that Verizon says created a false sense of demand and drove the price above market value.For its part, Dish has been on the record about disclosing and gaining approval for its actions ahead of the auction, though the resulting total bids came in over even the high estimates.Major players have been jockeying for position with the FCC ahead of a likely even more important low-band auction next year.More on the FCC auctionPreviously: AT&T: Dish's auction approach skewed results, needs restriction (Feb. 20 2015)Previously: T-Mobile's Legere calls for spectrum-auction rule changes (Feb. 18 2015) Feb. 27, 2015, 4:45 PM | 5 Comments
Providers react to FCC with talk of litigation, 1930s trappings
Reactions to the FCC's landmark net neutrality vote from the telecom industry were unsurprisingly negative -- though perhaps surprisingly vintage in a few cases.Comcast (NASDAQ:CMCSA) says the move is "certain to lead to years of litigation" and that it doesn't believe provisions "adopted when Franklin D. Roosevelt was president should be stretched to govern the 21st century Internet."AT&T (NYSE:T) -- who had already threatened certain litigation -- is no stranger to weighing in on its policy blog, where today it feared "revisiting the decision, over and over and over": "Instead of a clear set of rules moving forward, with a broad set of agreement behind them, we once again face the uncertainty of litigation, and the very real potential of having to start over – again – in the future."Verizon (NYSE:VZ) -- which hastily issued a manually "typewritten" release dated 1934 -- doubled down on their blog with a statement in Morse code.Charter (NASDAQ:CHTR) expects the action will "add fees to customer bills, create regulatory uncertainty and lead to years of litigation."Several parties are noting the same key issue: We haven't read the order yet. The details of the document, when they come, are likely only to set off a new round of pointed reactions.More reactions, including the positive sidePreviously: Facing new broadband era after FCC vote, related stocks stable for now (Feb. 26 2015) Feb. 26, 2015, 9:09 PM | 88 Comments
Facing new broadband era after FCC vote, related stocks stable for now
In the wake of the FCC's new regulations, key telecom and Internet stocks are tracking mostly where they were prior to the vote -- in part due to the fact that the vote's likely outcome was baked in, but also because details (including any late changes) are yet to be published.The FCC majority must review and respond to the dissenters before publishing the result, which they will provide on the Web when it's ready.Key stocks largely unchanged from the morning: Comcast (CMCSA -1.2%), Time Warner Cable (TWC -1.9%), Cablevision (CVC +1.3%), Charter (CHTR -1%), Centurylink (CTL +0.4%), Frontier (FTR +0.9%), Cogent (CCOI -1%).AT&T (T +0.9%); Verizon (VZ +0.4%); Dish Network (DISH -0.6%); DirecTV (DTV +0.1%).Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX) -- whose traffic is such that the regulatory difference in its delivery costs may mean as much as $100M/year -- is up 1.6%. Interconnection fees may yet need some clarification.Speaking of Verizon: Next up will be lawsuits. Courts invalidated the FCC's last two attempts at net neutrality, most recently in January 2014.Wheeler statement on votePreviously: Report: AT&T, Verizon will sue FCC immediately after reclassification (Feb. 04 2015) Feb. 26, 2015, 1:39 PM | 42 Comments
FCC votes 3-2 for tough net neutrality regulation
The FCC approves tough net neutrality restrictions on the Internet -- reclassifying broadband services under Title II of the Telecommunications Act -- on a party-line vote of 3-2.Republican commissioners Ajit Pai and Michael O'Rielly opposed the measure.To open applause, Chairman Tom Wheeler said the action is an "irrefutable reflection of the principle that no one -- whether government or corporate -- should control free and open access to the Internet."Pai thinks the result of reclassification will be even less competition, and calls the rules a "Kingsbury Commitment for the digital age ... If you loved Ma Bell in the 20th century, you will love Pa Broadband in the 21st."Prior to the key net neutrality vote, the commission voted along the same party lines to pre-empt laws in North Carolina and Tennessee that put restrictions on municipal broadband initiatives.Related stocks: CMCSA, CVC, TWC, CTL, CHTR, FTR, T, VZ, NFLX, ELNK, DISH, DTV, CCOI Previously: FCC begins convening for historic net neutrality vote (Feb. 26 2015) Feb. 26, 2015, 1:01 PM | 62 Comments
FCC begins convening for historic net neutrality vote
The FCC is ready to begin a meeting at which it plans a historic vote on re-regulating Internet providers, though a bit of the drama has gone out of the vote as Congressional Republicans yesterday conceded approval is likely.That's not to say some things aren't still in flux this morning: Democratic commissioner Mignon Clyburn is pressing Chairman Tom Wheeler for some more clarity on one part of the proposal, and Google lobbying on the "sender pays" issue has apparently moved Wheeler to last-minute revisions.The vote is expected to end 3-2 in favor of Title II regulation, along party lines.Republican commissioner Ajit Pai continues his full-court press against the rules and will hold his own response press conference after the meeting.Meanwhile, Wheeler's proposal may not go far enough to achieve its goals, if key loopholes remain available to service providers.The FCC will start meeting at 10:30 a.m. ET, and will first vote on whether to pre-empt laws in North Carolina and Tennessee restricting municipal broadband.Related stocks: CMCSA, CVC, T, VZ, TWC, NFLX, CTL, CHTR, FTR, ELNK, DISH, DTV, CCOI Feb. 26, 2015, 10:29 AM | 25 Comments
FCC to vote on net neutrality
The FCC is expected to approve Chairman Tom Wheeler's proposed "net neutrality" rules today, which will regulate broadband providers more heavily than in the past and restrict their power to control download speeds on the web.The vote comes after a year of jostling between net neutrality advocates and cable and telecom companies, which are expected to launch a volley of lawsuits should the new rules be passed.Related stocks: CMCSA, CVC, T, VZ, TWC, NFLX, CTL, CHTR, FTR, ELNK, DISH, DTV, CCOI Feb. 26, 2015, 2:50 AM | 66 Comments
FCC Republicans ask Wheeler to delay net neutrality vote
Republicans are increasing pressure on the FCC to delay Thursday's net neutrality vote, saying the public needs time to see and review the plan.The proposal has been subject to heated battle since Chairman Tom Wheeler proposed reclassifying broadband from a lightly regulated information service to a more strictly overseen telecommunications service.Supporters of the approach say that without such rules, broadband companies could charge tolls to websites for their fastest speeds, while critics say the plan would give the agency the authority to regulate pricing.Related stocks: CMCSA, CVC, T, VZ, TWC, NFLX, CTL, CHTR, FTR, ELNK, DISH, DTV, CCOI Feb. 24, 2015, 3:59 AM | 32 Comments
Google strikes mobile payments deals with U.S. carriers
Google (GOOG -1.4%) has struck deals with Verizon (NYSE:VZ), AT&T (NYSE:T), and T-Mobile (NYSE:TMUS) to have the Google Wallet payments app pre-installed on Android phones sold by the carriers, starting later this year. The Web giant is also "acquiring some exciting technology and intellectual property" from the carriers' Softcard payments JV, which never fully got off the ground.TechCrunch reported of Google's interest in Softcard last month. Thus far, Wallet's adoption has been hurt by limited support from carriers - Sprint was the only major U.S. backer - and retailers, as well as consumer reluctance to embrace NFC-based payments. However, the launch of (NFC-based) Apple Pay, along with the broader rollout of NFC-capable terminals and chip-and-PIN payment systems (they make card swipes a little less convenient) is altering the landscape.The deal comes a few days after top Android OEM Samsung announced it's buying LoopPay, creator of a mobile payments solution that works with standard card-swipe terminals.Mobile payments plays include NFC reader maker On Track Innovations (OTIV -5.7%) and payment-processing/telemetry services provider USA Technologies (USAT -2.7%). Feb. 23, 2015, 2:33 PM | 15 Comments
T-Mobile's knockout Q4: Turning the profit corner; are they No. 3?
T-Mobile (NYSE:TMUS) gained 2.7% today (and another 0.5% in late trading) following its strong Q4 report this morning.In the company's call today, CEO John Legere stretched like Armstrong to make a technical point that TMUS is actually the third-biggest U.S. carrier: He says most carriers stop counting "dead" MVNO accounts after 60-90 days, while Sprint (NYSE:S) waits six months. So Legere says Sprint is overcounting by 1.7M customers and is actually behind T-Mobile.CFO Braxton Carter tells the Financial Times that the company's guidance (on the low side of expectations) is "conservative" and expectations are high: "We are still taking major flow from the duopoly (T, VZ) ... We are very pleased with our first-quarter momentum."T-Mobile should take a Q1 hit in front-loading customer acquisition, but it expects free cash flow to turn positive at some point this year.Aside from record customer growth (fueled in part by aggressive promotion), the company pointed to highly watched synergies with its MetroPCS brand -- projecting to reach full run-rate synergies of at least $1.5B by 2016. Net present value there is expected to be $9B-10B, up from original $6B-7B projection.That's finally "kicking in," says Craig Moffett: "Synergies from the PCS deal, a key driver of our bull case, are coming in sooner and higher than expected" and that the firm "has at last turned the profitability corner."Related: T-Mobile US (TMUS) Q4 2014 Results - Earnings Call Transcript (Feb. 19 2015) Feb. 19, 2015, 9:02 PM | 15 Comments
T-Mobile's Legere calls for spectrum-auction rule changes
T-Mobile (NYSE:TMUS) chief John Legere takes to the blog to excoriate the FCC's recent AWS-3 wireless spectrum auction as a "disaster" for consumers (even if a success for the Treasury), and to call for revised rules in the future.Legere complains about AT&T (NYSE:T) and Verizon (NYSE:VZ), who'll use deep pockets to "corner the market on available spectrum at nearly any cost."He notes: "To add insult to injury, the FCC’s rules actually allowed companies that don’t provide wireless service at all to buy up huge amounts of spectrum and sit on it for ten years!" ... a sure shot at Dish Network (NASDAQ:DISH), who's also taken criticism for using affiliated investment entities to garner a 25% discount on their spectrum stockpiles.Legere says he's calling for action to avoid "epic failure" in next year's auction of low-band spectrum -- which will be highly contested and even more crucial to wireless companies' ability to reach further into buildings.He wants at least half the available low-band reserved for competitors who aren't the "Twin Bells" (the FCC will restrict AT&T and Verizon, though not as much as Legere would like) and wants to ensure spectrum is put to use and not "collected and traded like financial securities."Sprint (NYSE:S) mainly sat out the last auction but is sitting on spectrum that others may covet.More FCC auction news Feb. 18, 2015, 6:15 PM | 28 Comments
Verizon reshuffle: Wireless chief to oversee wireline transfer, retire
Dan Mead, president and CEO of Verizon Wireless (NYSE:VZ), is departing that role to direct the transfer of Verizon's wireline assets to Frontier Communications, and then the 61-year-old Mead "expects to retire."John Stratton, chief of global enterprise and consumer wireline, is taking over as president of operations with responsibility for wireless and wireline business.Regulatory approvals for the Frontier transfer are still expected to be months away. Feb. 18, 2015, 10:21 AM | 1 Comment
Citi: Dish spectrum hoard means stock is undervalued
As Verizon (NYSE:VZ) keeps an eye out for spectrum, Dish Network's (NASDAQ:DISH) big bid yet may mean its stock is undervalued, Citigroup's Jason Bazinet says.“We think there were a few clues in the AWS-3 results that suggest that Dish is apt to pursue a wholesale wireless strategy (most likely with Verizon)," Bazinet writes, adding that Dish filings point to "a tax-free spin of Spectrum Co in 2Q16.”Verizon CFO Fran Shammo this morning on leasing -- it's all about control: "Given the right structure and the right economics I don’t think we would be averse to leasing again. It would need to be a long-term type of leasing structure."Meanwhile, the other school of thought says Dish's Charlie Ergen has wanted to become a wireless phone provider.Bazinet has Dish rated at Buy with a $94 price target; Dish is currently -0.8% to $76.57.More spectrum coveragePreviously: Wireless auction recap: Dish's plans (Jan. 31 2015) Feb. 17, 2015, 12:31 PM
Verizon in no rush to buy more spectrum
Giving an update on its $10.4B in FCC spectrum bids, Verizon (NYSE:VZ) says it's got no pressing need to make big spectrum buys in the near term -- and will focus on getting more leverage out of current spectrum, considering it's a sellers' (government) market.Verizon didn't rule out leasing spectrum from peers and is watching Sprint's (NYSE:S) 2.5-GHz airwaves, as well as unlicensed spectrum.The $45B in bids at the AWS-3 auction highlighted the rising costs of new airwaves, with new competitors bidding over a hotly contested space.More spectrum auction newsPreviously: FCC spectrum auction ends with record $44.9B bid (Jan. 29 2015) Feb. 17, 2015, 9:33 AM | 9 Comments
AT&T's Stephenson: Litigating FCC rules 'quite certain'
Giving some color to chatter that AT&T (NYSE:T) and Verizon (NYSE:VZ) will sue over the FCC's net neutrality rules plans, AT&T CEO Randall Stephenson warns that "it's quite certain" that "there will be litigation" from companies if Title II reclassification (regulating Internet service like phone service) takes effect.Stephenson says the industry will probably ask to stay the rules and noted the judiciary has overturned FCC rulings before, "as recently as 2004 when some of the broadband rules were thrown out by the courts.""We have now, under the president's urging with the FCC, moved from pursuing a free and open Internet to regulating the Internet end to end," he says.Michael Powell, head of the cable lobby in D.C. (and former FCC chairman himself) says his organization is "highly likely" to sue over the rules.Stephenson on CNBCPreviously: Telecom stocks soar as FCC's Wheeler advocates utility stance on regulation (Feb. 04 2015)Previously: More from FCC's Wheeler: Guarantees to encourage broadband investment (Feb. 04 2015) Feb. 13, 2015, 1:02 PM | 3 Comments
Verizon, AT&T top mobile networks, but Sprint and T-Mobile compete in city
While Verizon (VZ +0.4%) and AT&T (T +0.6%) are still the big two competing over mobile network size/reliability, Sprint (S +1.2%) and T-Mobile (TMUS +1%) are competitive in metro areas, according to analysis firm RootMetrics.The company tested every mobile network by driving the equivalent of 100 U.S. coast-co-coast trips in the last half of 2014.Verizon won out overall and on network speed and data; AT&T came in second and won on text performance.Biggest problems for the sector's "other two": Reliability for T-Mobile; speed for Sprint.For their part: "It’s a very encouraging result for us," says Sprint network chief John Saw; "We believe the metro stuff is the most important," says T-Mobile CTO Neville Ray."The good news is that our testing shows every network is getting better," says RootMetrics' Bill Moore. Feb. 10, 2015, 11:48 AM | 12 Comments
Dish off slightly as RBC downgrades on spectrum monetization concern
Dish Network (DISH -0.7%) was the surprise story of the FCC's AWS-3 spectrum auction, snapping up some $13B work -- but RBC Capital Markets thinks the company may be sitting on it a while, downgrading Dish's shares to Sector Perform."We are downgrading Dish (to sector perform) as we see few near-term prospects for Dish to monetize its spectrum," says RBC's Jonathan Atkin.Atkin concludes that AT&T (NYSE:T) and Verizon (NYSE:VZ) have bought ample capacity for the next few years and that Sprint (NYSE:S) has airwaves that can compete on price with Dish's."We still view a combination with T-Mobile (with Dish as the acquirer) as possible, with an eventual take-out by Softbank/Sprint worth contemplating over the longer term," Atkin adds.RBC has a price target for Dish Network of $81; shares are trading at $75.11. Feb. 9, 2015, 11:16 AM | 4 Comments
Verizon confirms sale of wireline assets for $10B to Frontier
Moving swiftly yet again, Verizon (NYSE:VZ) confirms its plan to sell wireline assets in California, Florida and Texas to Frontier Communications (NASDAQ:FTR) for $10B ($9.9B cash and some $600M in assumed debt). It would be Frontier's biggest-ever deal.Frontier shares up heavily after hours, +9.7%. Verizon will also buy back up to $5B in stock.Combined with a just-announced sale of cell towers to American Tower, Verizon should see the near-$15B intake expected, a vital step as the company must pay the FCC $10B this month to cover its bids in the AWS-3 spectrum auction.Previously: WSJ: Frontier close to $10B buy of Verizon's wireline assets (Feb. 04 2015)Previously: Verizon reaches $5B sale of towers to American Tower (Feb. 05 2015)Previously: FCC releases winners in record spectrum auction (Jan. 30 2015) Feb. 5, 2015, 4:35 PM | 9 Comments
Verizon reaches $5B sale of towers to American Tower
On the hunt for funds, Verizon (NYSE:VZ) has moved quickly to reach a deal to sell cell towers to American Tower (NYSE:AMT) for $5.06B.American Tower, with 28,000 towers, is second in the market only to Crown Castle, with 40,000 towers.Previously: WSJ: Frontier close to $10B buy of Verizon's wireline assets (Feb. 04 2015)Previously: FCC releases winners in record spectrum auction (Jan. 30 2015) Feb. 5, 2015, 4:19 PM | 1 Comment
WSJ: Frontier close to $10B buy of Verizon's wireline assets
Frontier Communications (NASDAQ:FTR) is reportedly close to a $10B deal to buy the wireline assets that Verizon (NYSE:VZ) put up for sale in the aftermath of its $10.4B wireless spectrum bid, The Wall Street Journal reports.It would be Frontier's biggest deal ever. In Q3 Frontier noted cash on hand of $808M, debt/equity of 242.73 and a current ratio of 2.19.Verizon's also close to selling a package of cell towers for about $5B.After hours: FTR up 12.6%. Previously: WSJ: Verizon close to $10B asset sale (Feb. 02 2015) Feb. 4, 2015, 5:19 PM | 8 Comments
Verizon cuts data prices; jumping into price war?
Despite their CFO just last month saying certain customers would "leave us for price and we're just not going to compete with that," Verizon (NYSE:VZ) is cutting $10/month off the cost of most of its data plans.Customers have some flexibility but will have to opt in to the new prices.Verizon also said it would offer a one-time $100 credit to those coming in to switch from another carrier.Taken together, the moves are the clearest sign that VZ may feel heat from ETF-refund moves by other carriers, including Sprint's (S +2.6%) "cut your bill in half" promo. Feb. 4, 2015, 1:11 PM | 31 Comments
Report: AT&T, Verizon will sue FCC immediately after reclassification
The FCC will take up Chairman Tom Wheeler's new Net regulatory approach Feb. 26 -- and then AT&T (T +0.3%) and Verizon (VZ) will immediately file suit, VentureBeat reports.The site points to AT&T VP Hank Hultquist's Monday post on the company's public policy blog, where he argues again that its broadband is an info service, not a telecom service -- although this is a familiar stance on the company's blogs."I have no illusions that any of this will change what happens on Feb. 26," Hultquist says. "But when the FCC has to defend reclassification before an appellate court, it will have to grapple with these and other arguments.FCC fact sheetPreviously: Telecom stocks soar as FCC's Wheeler advocates utility stance on regulation (Feb. 04 2015)Previously: More from FCC's Wheeler: Guarantees to encourage broadband investment (Feb. 04 2015) Feb. 4, 2015, 12:47 PM | 24 Comments
More from FCC's Wheeler: Guarantees to encourage broadband investment
Breakdown of FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler's op-ed on net neutrality: "Enforceable, bright-line rules" that ban paid prioritization ("fast lanes") and blocking/throttling of services, including for mobile broadband.The investment key for related stocks: "All of this can be accomplished while encouraging investment in broadband networks. ... My proposal will modernize Title II, tailoring it for the 21st century, in order to provide returns necessary to construct competitive networks. For example, there will be no rate regulation, no tariffs, no last-mile unbundling."FCC voting is scheduled for Feb. 26.Related stocks: (CMCSA +2.8%); (CVC +2%); (TWC +3.1%); (T +0.6%); (VZ +0.7%); (CHTR +4.3%); (DISH +2.6%); (DTV +1%); (CCOI +3.9%) Feb. 4, 2015, 11:42 AM | 5 Comments
Telecom stocks soar as FCC's Wheeler advocates utility stance on regulation
FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler has released an op-ed hinting at the commission's new stance on net neutrality rule -- and it suggests utility-like regulation for fixed and wireless broadband."This week, I will circulate ... proposed new rules to preserve the Internet as an open platform for innovation and free expression. This proposal is rooted in long-standing regulatory principles, marketplace experience, and public input received over the last several months."Wheeler calls directly for Title II authority in "the strongest open Internet protections ever proposed by the FCC."Stocks on the move: (CMCSA +3.3%); (CVC +2.9%); (TWC +4%); (T +0.8%); (VZ +0.7%); (CHTR +4.3%); (DISH +3.3%); (DTV +1.2%); (CCOI +4.3%) Feb. 4, 2015, 11:31 AM | 20 Comments
FCC plans some fervor on net neutrality rules
Speculation about how hard the FCC would come with new regulations on "net neutrality" tilts toward "more aggressive" as sources tell the WSJ the agency is seeking a significant expansion of its authority.In summary, the changes would take mobile and fixed broadband firms (like T, TWC, VZ, CMCSA, CHTR, CVC, LBRDA) from being lightly regulated entities into a regulatory structure more like the traditional phone companies/telecoms, treating them more like public utilities.The upshot: A ban on "paid prioritization," where service providers block or slow access to some websites/destinations depending on payments.The rules would put interconnection (deals such as Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX) arranges for content delivery) under Title II standards and the deals would be put to an "unjust/unreasonable" standard for evaluation. Feb. 2, 2015, 4:19 PM | 22 Comments
WSJ: Verizon close to $10B asset sale
More auction-funding fallout as Verizon (VZ +1.8%) is close to selling more than $10B in assets, including towers and parts of its wireline business, according to The Wall Street Journal. The telecom needs to cover $10.4B in licenses it bid on in last week's FCC AWS-3 spectrum auction, as funds are due to the government by March 2.Verizon already faced debt pressure in buying out Vodafone from their joint venture for $130B.AT&T (NYSE:T), facing its own funding challenge, is reportedly seeking buyers for some of its data centers. Feb. 2, 2015, 2:44 PM | 12 Comments
Wireless auction recap: Dish's plans
After learning which way AT&T (NYSE:T) went (high) and which way Verizon Wireless (NYSE:VZ) went (low) in the 11-week FCC wireless spectrum auction, most attention focused on Dish Network (NASDAQ:DISH): What are they up to?The satellite firm took just short of half of the available licenses (and saved over $3B by cannily working through small-business partners) but doesn't offer mobile service -- yet.Dish's fortunes in this auction were linked to those of Verizon, which is widely considered a potential buyer or lessee of Dish's spectrum assets. But Dish's Charlie Ergen has pursued wireless firms before (MetroPCS and Sprint (NYSE:S)) and may see wireless mobile as the next path forward from a slower-growing business.“I think [Ergen's] strategy is built around a confidence that spectrum will only become more valuable going forward,” says former FCC commissioner Robert McDowell.DISH closed the day out down 4.3%, slightly below where it was sitting before the auction results were released. Jan. 31, 2015, 1:47 PM | 8 Comments
FCC planning oversight of back-end Net interconnect deals
In non-auction FCC news, the agency will add rules that let it review terms for the Internet service interconnects that govern deals between providers and heavy bandwidth eaters -- particularly including Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX).The move is a first blush of net-neutrality regulations to come.Producers like Netflix, Amazon.com and YouTube would prefer a ban on interconnect fees, while service providers (CMCSA, T, VZ) are arguing for no limit on negotiated fees.The rules are set for a Feb. 26 vote. Jan. 30, 2015, 5:46 PM | 2 Comments
Dish Network choppy as FCC auction results released
Heavy volatility for Dish Network (NASDAQ:DISH), which has fluctuated from down 6.5% to its earlier -3.3%, following details of major bidder amounts in the FCC's record wireless spectrum auction.Dish reportedly bid $10B and their participation was heavily scrutinized -- especially for what it might mean, whether Dish was bidding to add spectrum or just push prices for rivals.The company was also tied to Verizon (NYSE:VZ), who might have an interest in Dish's existing similar spectrum assets, depending on its bidding here. The relatively lower spending by Verizon might mean hidden value in Dish's spectrum if Verizon takes an interest.Others: (T +0.8%); (VZ); (TMUS +0.4%) Jan. 30, 2015, 1:14 PM
FCC releases winners in record spectrum auction
The FCC releases its list of winners in the record-setting AWS-3 auction.In short: As speculated, AT&T (NYSE:T) opened up the checkbook, bidding $18.2B; Verizon (NYSE:VZ) bid $10.4B; Dish Network (NASDAQ:DISH) had a big presence, bidding $10B ($13.3B gross); T-Mobile (NYSE:TMUS) bid $1.8B. Jan. 30, 2015, 1:06 PM | 4 Comments
Cablevision sues Verizon over false WiFi advertising
Cablevision (NYSE:CVC) is suing Verizon (NYSE:VZ), accusing the company of falsely advertising the "fastest WiFi available".The complaint filed states that Verizon has been installing new network routers for up to $199.99, despite knowing that Cablevision offers the same routers for its Optimum network, free of charge.Cablevision also called the advertising an effort to stymie its launch of "Freewheel", a WiFi voice, text and data service, that could cut into Verizon's sales.
Jan. 30, 2015, 2:04 AM | 8 Comments
FCC spectrum auction ends with record $44.9B bid
Par for the course in what has become intense competition in wireless telecom, the FCC's latest spectrum auction (AWS-3) received record bids of $44.9B in 341 rounds that started Nov. 13.Expectations were that the total might come between $10B-$20B, above the $10B reserve price. Only a very few investors thought the sale might top $35B.Paired spectrum licenses -- those focused on major metro areas, and without government users that must be moved off first -- got the big bids.Analysts anticipated that AT&T (NYSE:T) may have been spending more than Verizon Wireless (NYSE:VZ) -- upward of $20B -- as news came that AT&T entered into $11B in credit pacts.The high total also means multiple bidders aside from AT&T and Verizon likely fought hard for licenses in major metros including New York and Los Angeles. Sprint (NYSE:S) didn't take part, though Dish Network (NASDAQ:DISH) did.Winners will be released by the FCC within days. Jan. 29, 2015, 1:04 PM | 15 Comments
Google, Cablevision shake up cellular
Not only is Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) preparing a new cellphone service that will dial up pressure on the wireless industry’s business model, Cablevision (NYSE:CVC) is also prepping one.Google’s new package will hunt through cellular connections provided by Sprint (NYSE:S) and T-Mobile (NYSE:TMUS) and WiFi "hot spots," picking whichever offers the best signal to route calls, texts and data, WSJ reports.Meanwhile, Cablevision will start offering Freewheel next month, a WiFi-only mobile-phone service.Such services pose a challenge to traditional telecom carriers, including AT&T (NYSE:T) and Verizon (NYSE:VZ).Previously: Report: Google to sell phone plans via Sprint, T-Mobile (Jan. 21 2015)Previously: Analysis: Cable WiFi services to go mainstream (Oct. 06 2014) Jan. 26, 2015, 1:57 AM | 17 Comments
Verizon reports strong wireless adds, but service growth declines
Verizon (VZ -1.7%) added 2.1M net retail wireless connections in Q4, of which 2M were postpaid (672K postpaid phones). That's up from 1.7M and 1.6M a year ago, and indicates Big Red continues to hold its own competitively in the fact of T-Mobile/Sprint's aggressive promotions. Prepaid net adds totaled 86K, and the wireless retail base stood at 108.2M (102.1M postpaid) at quarter's end.On the other hand, Verizon's own promos led wireless service revenue growth to fall to 2.8% Y/Y (to $18.2B) from Q3's 4.8%, Q2's 5.9%, and 7.5% in Q1. And a 74.4% increase in equipment revenue (thanks to phone upgrade plans and the iPhone 6) led wireless op. margin and EBITDA margin to fall to 23.5% and 42% from 29.5% and 47% a year ago. Retail postpaid churn jumped to 1.14% from 1% in Q3 and 0.96% a year ago.Wireline revenue fell 1.6% to $9.6B, with a 4.1% increase in consumer retail revenue (lifted by FiOS) offset by 3.7%, 4.6%, and 5.8% drops in small business, enterprise, and wholesale revenue. Wireline op. margin and EBITDA margin rose to 4.4% and 23.9% from 1.2% and 22.5% a year ago.145K FiOS Internet and 115K FiOS TV subs were added, bringing the respective bases to 6.6M and 5.6M. Wireline voice connections fell by 6.1% Y/Y to 19.8M.Verizon is guiding for "at least 4%" 2015 revenue growth, above a 2.6% consensus. Adjusted EBITDA margin is expected to be "consistent" with 2014 levels. While AT&T is cutting capex in 2015, Verizon plans to slightly increase capex to $17.5B-$18B from 2014's $17.2B.Verizon says it has 15M Internet of Things (IoT) connections. BTIG's Walter Piecyk observes 1.7M tablets were sold, average data usage for More Everything accounts rose 50% Y/Y, and wireless EBITDA fell for the first time since 2011 (when the iPhone 4S launched).Q4 results, PR Jan. 22, 2015, 9:47 AM | 5 Comments
Verizon misses by $0.02, beats on revenue
Verizon (NYSE:VZ): Q4 EPS of $0.71 misses by $0.02.Revenue of $33.2B (+6.9% Y/Y) beats by $530M.Shares +0.48% PM. Jan. 22, 2015, 7:02 AM | 3 Comments
Notable earnings before Thursday’s open
ALK, AVT, BBT, BKU, BPOP, COV, CP, CY, DLX, FBC, FCS, FNB, GMT, HBAN, JCI, JNS, KEY, LUV, NTCT, ORI, PCP, QSII, SBNY, TDY, TRV, TZOO, UAL, UNP, VZ, WBS, XRS
Jan. 21, 2015, 5:30 PM | 3 Comments
Report: Google to sell phone plans via Sprint, T-Mobile
Two day after reporting on Google's (GOOG +2.2%) SpaceX investment (confirmed a day later), The Information reports Google (GOOG +2.2%) is getting ready to "sell mobile phone plans directly to customers and manage their calls and mobile data over a cellular network."Google won't be building its own network, but will instead operate as an MVNO leveraging Sprint (S +5.8%) and T-Mobile's (TMUS +1.9%) networks. Deals for wholesale network access are reportedly on the way. Sprint and (to a lesser extent) T-Mobile have caught a bid on the report.Becoming a U.S. mobile carrier with Sprint/T-Mobile's help risks upsetting AT&T (NYSE:T) and Verizon (NYSE:VZ), who still tower over the local telecom landscape. However, it also gives Google a chance to experiment with novel/low-cost service plans, perhaps with the hope that other carriers (in the U.S. and elsewhere) will follow suit. Google also might be betting Android is too well-entrenched at this point for AT&T and/or Verizon to respond too harshly.Last April, The Information reported Google has discussed offering mobile services in Google Fiber markets. Q4 results arrive in eight days.Update: The WSJ is backing up The Information's report. It adds Sprint is "hedging its bet by putting a volume trigger into the [Google] contract that would allow the deal to be renegotiated if Google’s customer base swells." Jan. 21, 2015, 4:09 PM | 28 Comments
Barclays downgrades Verizon ahead of earnings
Barclays has cut Verizon (VZ -0.6%) to Equal Weight ahead of tomorrow morning's Q4 report, and slashed its target by $3 to $51.The firm thinks 2015 will likely be a transition year for the carrier, doesn't expect major industry consolidation given a hostile regulatory environment, and believes competitive pressures will remain intense.Q4 expectations are already low, given Verizon stated last month it saw higher churn and EBITDA margin pressure amid strong phone upgrade activity and major price cuts/promos from T-Mobile and Sprint. More recently, the company promised wireless margins would "return to historical levels" in Q1.T-Mobile has said it added 1.28M branded postpaid subs (1.04M phone subs) in Q4, evidence of fresh share gains. Sprint has said it added 30K postpaid subs, a reversal from calendar Q3's 272K decline. Jan. 21, 2015, 9:47 AM | 11 Comments
Google roundup: Mobile payments, $2B+ contract, Search
TechCrunch reports Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) is interested in acquiring Softcard, the mobile payments platform launched by AT&T (NYSE:T), Verizon (NYSE:VZ), and T-Mobile (NYSE:TMUS) in 2010 - it was previously known as Isis, before changing its name for obvious reasons. Though Softcard's owners have invested hundreds of millions in the venture, sources state Google's purchase price could be below $100M.Like Apple Pay and Google Wallet, Softcard relies on NFC radios to enable transactions. And like Wallet, it has struggled to get off the ground, as U.S. consumers overwhelmingly stick with card swipes. Hard data on Apple Pay usage remains limited for now.Softcard recently laid off 60 employees. Meanwhile, it was reported in 2013 that Google had spent $300M on Wallet-related acquisitions, with little to show for it. The adoption of EMV (chip-and-PIN) readers by U.S. retailers could give NFC solutions a boost, by making card payments a little less convenient.The WSJ reports Google is partnering with consulting giant PwC to bid on a $2B+ contract to update the DoD's electronic health records system. PwC says Google's tools could both improve the system's security and performance, and lower costs. A group featuring IBM, HP (NYSE:HPQ), and CSC has made a rival bid.Ad tech firm Marin Software (NYSE:MRIN) provides some encouraging mobile search data ahead of Google's Jan. 29 Q4 report. A Marin study found mobile accounted for 49% of Q4 U.S. search ad spend, up from 42% in Q3, and that smartphone ad click rates were 38% higher than PC rates (thanks in part to accidental clicks?). On the other hand, mobile still only accounted for 32% of conversions.Medium writer Backchannel provides a deep dive into Google Search's evolution in an  era where users increasingly want search engines to know the precise meaning of their queries. Part 1 looks at Google's efforts to optimize for mobile (aided by its Knowledge Graph and Google Now). Part 2 looks at Google's real-world research into the information needs of users. Part 3 looks at Google's investments in A.I./deep learning to deliver far more intelligent search results and spontaneously surface useful information. Jan. 18, 2015, 12:57 PM | 5 Comments
Obama to push more city broadband building
Building on his previous call for the FCC to regulate broadband service as a utility, President Obama will push the FCC today to overturn state laws that prevent cities from building their own broadband networks.The centerpiece of the initiative is a call for the FCC to pre-empt laws in 19 states that can prevent cities and localities from building their own high-speed broadband networks.FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler has already indicated that he is strongly considering the move.Related Tickers: CMCSA, T, VZ, TWC, NFLX, CTL, CHTR, FTR, ELNK Jan. 14, 2015, 4:08 AM | 42 Comments
Verizon launches $15/month service for cars
Verizon Vehicle, expected to be available in Q2, provides a slew of telematics services through a system featuring a reader that plugs into a car's diagnostics (OBD) port, a Bluetooth speaker, and a smartphone app. The speaker contains a button for connecting to assistance services, and another for making an SOS emergency call.Supported features include GPS-based roadside assistance, automotive diagnostics (i.e. deciphering the meaning of a "Check Engine" warning), stolen vehicle location, a mechanic's hotline, and a vehicle locator. The Verge: "Many (if not most) of these features are available from a modern car's built-in systems, but Verizon's targeting a potentially huge market: older cars with tech-savvy drivers."Verizon (NYSE:VZ) is charging $14.99/month for the first vehicle (hardware included), and $12.99/month for each additional one. GM's rival OnStar service (dropped Verizon as its wireless provider for AT&T with 2015 models) has 7M subscribers in North America and China, and is available with 30+ GM vehicles. Jan. 13, 2015, 6:41 PM | 6 Comments
AOL chief dismisses merger talk
"There's always speculation around us because we have taken a company that was not doing well and ended 2014 with two straight years of growth," announced AOL (NYSE:AOL) chief executive Tim Armstrong, dismissing talks of possible mergers.The company had recently been linked to rumors of a possible joint venture with Verizon (NYSE:VZ) and a merger with Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO).Previously: Verizon CEO throws cold water on AOL acquisition rumor (Jan. 06 2015) Jan. 8, 2015, 4:43 AM | 3 Comments
Verizon plans to launch "mobile-first" video service in 2H15
In addition to throwing cold water on AOL acquisition talk, Verizon (NYSE:VZ) CEO Lowell McAdam has declared the carrier will launch a "mobile-first" video service in 2H15, and has finished negotiating all of the needed content deals. Yesterday's Bloomberg report mentioned Verizon's interest in AOL was mobile video-related.McAdam has previously mentioned Verizon is in talks to offer a Web/mobile TV service. The company is a year removed from buying the assets of Intel's would-be online TV unit. Yesterday, Dish announced its online TV service (christened Sling TV, includes ESPN, TNT, and CNN) would cost just $20/month.Also: Verizon reiterates it saw elevated mobile churn in Q4 (previous), as well as stronger-than-expected phone upgrade activity and EBITDA margin pressure. However, it expects wireless margins to "return to historical levels" in Q1. Q4 results are due on Jan. 22. Jan. 6, 2015, 6:09 PM | 1 Comment
Verizon CEO throws cold water on AOL acquisition rumor
CNBC reports Verizon (VZ - unchanged) CEO Lowell McAdam states any talk of significant M&A discussions isn't accurate.AOL (AOL +2.4%), which soared in AH trading yesterday on a Bloomberg report stating Verizon approached AOL about a possible acquisition or JV, has pared its gains. Jan. 6, 2015, 11:21 AM
Bloomberg: Verizon approached AOL about possible takeover or JV
Bloomberg reports Verizon (NYSE:VZ) approached AOL about a possible takeover or JV to expand its mobile video offerings. No "formal proposal" has been made.Reporter Alex Sherman states Verizon's main interest is in mobile video, and that it's unclear if Verizon has any interest in AOL's media properties (Huffington Post, Engadget, TechCrunch, etc.). A JV would reportedly cover ad technology; AOL is a major player in the fast-growing programmatic (automated) online ad-buying market.AOL is #3 on comScore's rankings of U.S. online video property owners (behind Google/YouTube and Facebook), and is #4 on its rankings of U.S. video ad platforms (in terms of reach). The company also maintains a dial-up ISP base that (as noted by a source) Verizon could try converting to FiOS.Activist Starboard Value has been pushing for Yahoo and AOL to merge. Verizon's track record with Web/mobile content is pretty spotty.AOL +10.6% AH. Jan. 5, 2015, 7:37 PM
2014 leaders and laggards
Leaders Dow: INTC +41%; UNH +35%; HD +28%; CSCO +25%; MSFT +25%.S&P 500: LUV +125%; EA +106%; EW +95%; AGN +92%; AVGO +91%.Nasdaq: AAL +112%; EA +106%; AVGO +91%; GMCR +78%; ILMN +68%.  
Laggards Dow: IBM -14%; CVX -10%; GE -10%; XOM -8%; VZ -4%.S&P 500: RIG -63%; DNR -50%; NE -49%; ESV -47%; AVP -45%.Nasdaq: VIP -67%; MAT -35%; DISCA -25%; AMZN -23%; WYNN -22%. Jan. 1, 2015, 2:19 AM | 17 Comments
T-Mobile's Legere fires shots at rivals, praises Apple Watch
"AT&T  (T -1.1%) will find new ways to cause their customers pain [in 2015] - especially those still on grandfathered unlimited plans," predicts T-Mobile (TMUS +0.3%) CEO John Legere, feisty as ever while making his 2015 predictions. The FTC recently sued AT&T for throttling the data speeds of unlimited plan users.Legere, whose company has unleashed a margin-crimping price war against  over the last two years, also forecasts AT&T will launch a "knock off" version of T-Mobile's Data Stash feature, which lets users roll over unused data from monthly buckets for up to 12 months. "The fine print will be massive, and they’ll miss the first and most important step in the process – which is to stop punishing their customers with domestic overages and instead get rid of them."He isn't any kinder to Verizon (VZ -0.8%), predicting Big Red will "keep trying to baffle American wireless customers with BS promos, like the one they did this year telling customers they could get a free iPhone 6 (don’t forget to read the small print!), as well as misleading advertising about everything from coverage maps to device trade-ins."As for share-losing Sprint (S +0.6%), Legere sees them "continue throwing out campaigns, offers and promotions – anything to see if it sticks." By mid-year, he expects the carrier to "realize they can’t slash their way to growth and start to invest in their network and customer care."Two things Legere has kind words for (besides T-Mobile): 1) Apple Watch (NASDAQ:AAPL), which he predicts will "mark the tipping point when wearables go from niche to mainstream." 2) Phablets, which he expects will see 50% sales growth next year and thereby boost data usage.One positive prediction for the industry in general: Legere forecasts 2/3 of devices sold next year by carriers will be subsidy-free, up from 41% in 2014. The margin improvement that has come from moving customers from subsidies to early-upgrade and installment plans has been a silver lining for the industry during its price war. Dec. 31, 2014, 2:31 PM | 42 Comments
Facebook signs video clips deal with NFL
Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) signs a deal with the NFL for the rights to video clips.The league has been tight with access to game highlights in the past, even precluding some broadcast partners from streaming game video clips to mobile devices.The video highlights on Facebook will be followed by advertisements from Verizon (NYSE:VZ).The initiative starts next week just in time for the start of the NFL playoff season.What to watch: The high-profile deal could send a chill through the C-suites of broadcasters due to the NFL's strong ties to Madison Avenue ad agencies. Dec. 24, 2014, 9:09 AM | 14 Comments
Goldman downgrades Verizon
"Our downgrade reflects higher costs of spectrum, higher churn and lower margins due to intensifying wireless competition and lower target multiples to reflect an uncertain outlook as the competitive landscape shifts," says Goldman, cutting its rating to Neutral and lowering its target by $7 to $48.The firm has cut its Q4 Verizon (VZ -0.1%) EPS estimate by $0.06 to $0.71, and its 2015 estimate by $0.14 to $3.67.Goldman's move follows a Dec. 8 warning (blamed on promos, strong phone upgrades, and growing retail postpaid disconnects) that prompted a Macquarie downgrade, as well as cautious remarks from other sell-siders about growing price pressure.Verizon is close to its 52-week low of $45.09. Shares go for 19x 2015E EPS after factoring net debt. The dividend yield is at 4.8%. Dec. 17, 2014, 11:18 AM | 14 Comments
Verizon to keep growing wireless capex, slash wireline capex
Though Verizon's (VZ -4.2%) 4G network buildout is largely complete (at least as far as macro base stations go), the carrier's wireless capex will keep trending higher as it works to keep up with data traffic growth, CFO Fran Shammo stated at a UBS conference. "The day that we start to cut wireless capex, that's the day that we should start to wonder where the future of the business is going."On the other hand, wireline capex is expected to keep falling. While Verizon's wireless service revenue rose 4.8% Y/Y in Q4, wireline revenue (hurt by voice connection declines) fell 0.8%. Official 2015 capex guidance will be provided in Verizon's Q4 report.Shammo's remarks suggest Verizon will spend more aggressively than AT&T, which recently forecast its capex would fall by $3B next year to $18B. The carrier has long argued its network coverage/capacity investments allow it to charge a premium; a year ago, Verizon began tripling 4G capacity in large markets by launching a new network in the high-frequency AWS band.Shammo adds his company is uninterested in doing a major international acquisition, and doesn't plan to carry out buybacks until its debt load is cut. Thanks in part to the Vodafone deal, Verizon had $101B in net debt at the end of Q3.Earlier: Verizon's Q4 outlook; Baird's downgrade. Dec. 9, 2014, 1:09 PM | 2 Comments
Verizon -3.2%; Baird downgrades following Q4 update
Believing yesterday afternoon's Q4 pre-announcement points to growing competitive challenges, Baird has downgraded Verizon (NYSE:VZ) to Neutral, and cut its target by $4 to $50.Macquarie thinks Sprint's new price plans are taking a toll. Canaccord also believes competitive pressures are growing, but is staying bullish.Verizon has fallen to its lowest levels since May, albeit after trading in a fairly narrow range for month. Dec. 9, 2014, 9:17 AM
Verizon seeing margin pressure, higher disconnects
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) expects promotional offers and strong phone upgrade activity will  "put short-term pressure on its wireless segment EBITDA and EBITDA service margin ... as well as its consolidated EBITDA margin (non-GAAP) and earnings per share."In addition, Verizon states "total retail postpaid disconnects are trending higher both sequentially and year over year in this highly competitive and promotion-filled fourth quarter."T-Mobile has long been aggressively undercutting Verizon and AT&T's pricing, and Sprint has stepped up its efforts to do the same under new CEO Marcelo Claure. Verizon has been less willing than AT&T to return fire, but has nonetheless done so occasionally.The percent of customers opting for Verizon's Edge smartphone installment plans (eliminates traditional phone subsidies) is "tracking to 24 percent," up 2x from Q3's 12%. Retail postpaid gross adds are still expected to be up Q/Q and Y/Y in Q4, and wireline EBITDA margin is still on track to expand in 2014.VZ -1% AH. Dec. 8, 2014, 4:35 PM | 10 Comments
Verizon Communications declares $0.55 dividend
Verizon Communications (NYSE:VZ) declares $0.55/share quarterly dividend, in line with previous.Forward yield 4.52%Payable Feb. 2; for shareholders of record Jan 9; ex-div Jan 7. Dec. 4, 2014, 12:39 PM | 3 Comments
Sprint offers to cut AT&T/Verizon subscriber bills in half
In a promo that starts on Friday, Sprint (S -1.2%) will offer AT&T (T -1%) and Verizon (VZ -0.7%) subs who switch to Sprint unlimited talk/text plans similar to the ones they're currently on a 50% price cut.One catch: Users have to trade in their existing AT&T/Verizon phones, and make an unsubsidized purchase of a Sprint phone (via leasing, installment plans, or a regular retail purchase).A Sprint rep "will select the service plan that most closely matches the data allowance" of a user's AT&T/Verizon plan. The carrier will cover up to $350 worth of early termination fees and installment plan balances per line.The offer is the latest in a series of aggressive promos and price cuts launched by new Sprint CEO Marcelo Claure, who has made a priority out of halting postpaid share losses. In addition to AT&T/Verizon, the promo takes aim at T-Mobile (TMUS -0.4%), which has been grabbing postpaid share (especially on the low-end) with its own aggressive offers.T-Mobile and Verizon's wireless service revenue respectively rose 10.6% and 4.8% in Q3, while AT&T and Sprint's fell 0.2% and 5%. Dec. 2, 2014, 11:49 AM | 30 Comments
Verizon slumps on Citi downgrade; AT&T also off
Citing higher spectrum and network investment costs, and the revenue impact of tougher price competition, Citi's Michael Rolling has downgraded Verizon (VZ -1.9%) to Neutral. AT&T (T -1.9%) is following Verizon lower.Rollins: "We believe the wireless industry is experiencing a great disconnect between the growth in data traffic and the growth in revenue ... We continue to fear that recent promotions create risk that the wireless industry at large may not be able to capture substantial incremental revenue from the rise in data consumption over time."Verizon has largely maintained its premium pricing in the face of major price cuts from T-Mobile and Sprint, but the carrier has been offering more data promos as of late. AT&T has been more willing to return fire, and has seen its wireless service growth revenue evaporate along the way.Last Friday: FCC auction bids hit $33B Nov. 24, 2014, 10:26 AM | 16 Comments
Cisco, Juniper in the crosshairs as Verizon tests bare-metal hardware
The Rayno Report states Verizon (NYSE:VZ) has launched a major trial of bare-metal (commodity) switches running on a networking OS and SDN switching software respectively supplied by startups Cumulus Networks and Pica8.Light Reading backs up the report, while adding Verizon "aims to determine whether bare-metal switches ... could eventually replace more expensive, proprietary Juniper Networks Inc. (NYSE:JNPR) equipment." Nonetheless, Rayno reports Juniper is a part of the trial, supplying "routing and switching technology that helps tie the network together with VXLAN [networking virtualization] technology."Though the trial is in its early stages, both sites report hearing it's a big deal, given the potential for bare-metal/white-box gear to replace proprietary hardware on a large scale. "[Verizon] can reduce their costs massively," says a Rayno source. The trial coincides with the deployment by Verizon's cloud services ops of an SDN solution using server-based hardware from Super Micro (NASDAQ:SMCI).Cisco (NASDAQ:CSCO), which maintains a 60%+ data center switch share and a leading position in the carrier router market, has already called white-box hardware its biggest threat. Internet giants have been quick to embrace SDN/white-box solutions - Facebook has even open-sourced a data center switch design - and AT&T is looking to adopt SDN through its Domain 2.0 initiative.Cisco's recently-launched ACI/APIC SDN/networking virtualization solution is gaining traction within the company's enterprise base, but critics call it too expensive/proprietary - pricing for an APIC controller runs from $40K-$58K, and software licenses for ACI-capable switches run from $3K-$15K. Meanwhile, Verizon, AT&T, and other carriers are hungry to cut wireline capex.Juniper has adopted an SDN strategy that's more friendly to open platforms, but there might be some internal dissent on that front. Rayno reports recently-ousted CEO Shaygan Kheradpir "was more pro-SDN than the existing Juniper management, which is more conservative about protecting its installed base." Nov. 22, 2014, 3:37 PM | 3 Comments
FCC auction bids hit $33B
Following 26 rounds, total bids in the FCC's AWS-3 spectrum auction have reached $33B - up from $24B two days ago. Though the auction's pace has slowed, more than $1B worth of bids were still tallied in the latest round.Walter Piecyk observes the average bid is now at $2.04/MHz./POP, far above his initial estimate range of $0.75-$1.25, and that it implies DISH's existing spectrum assets are worth over $73/share alone. Dish rose 2.1% today to $73.70.Tim Farrar thinks Dish may have bid over $10B, as it tries to both add to its spectrum portfolio (thus increasing its strategic value to carriers) and inflate the value of its existing assets. In addition to bidding against AT&T, Verizon, and T-Mobile for paired spectrum assets (the auction's main prize), Dish is expected to be the winning bidder for 15MHz. of unpaired spectrum.Meanwhile, the FCC has announced it will vote on rules for its 600MHz. incentive auction (due in 2016, and expected to be even bigger) in December. If approved, the rules will then be opened for public comment.Sticker shock? While the S&P rose 1.2% this week, AT&T (NYSE:T) fell 1.7% and Verizon (NYSE:VZ) fell 2.5%. Nov. 21, 2014, 5:22 PM | 12 Comments
Spectrum bids top $24B; AT&T/Verizon seen spending heavily
Bidding in the FCC's AWS-3 spectrum auction has reached $24.1B barely 24 hours after topping $14B. Through 15 rounds, $1.19B alone was bid on a 10x10 MHz. license for the NYC area."While bids could suddenly slow down, the auction appears on pace to blow through the top end of our expected range," writes BTIG's Walter Piecyk. Whereas Piecyk initially forecast an average bid of $0.75-$1.25/MHz./POP, spending has already topped $1.50/MHz./POP.Deep-pocketed AT&T (NYSE:T) and Verizon (NYSE:VZ) are likely the "most aggressive bidders," notes JPMorgan's Philip Cusick; he suspects T-Mobile (NYSE:TMUS) is bidding more cautiously. New Street Research thinks AT&T and Verizon "will likely both go after a 10x10 MHz pair in all of the critical markets."Tim Farrar suspects DISH is bidding up prices on the assumption AT&T/Verizon will respond by upping their bids regardless of the cost. This morning, Piecyk estimated the auction had served to increase the value of Dish's existing spectrum to ~$2/MHz./POP from ~$1.50/MHz./POP, thereby making Dish worth $104/share rather than a prior estimate of $85/share. Dish rose 10% in regular trading.Though bidding is expected to slow down soon, it might not fully end for a few more weeks. Until then, the FCC won't disclose the names of winning bidders, or how much they're paying. Nov. 19, 2014, 6:48 PM | 9 Comments
FCC spectrum auction bids top $14B
Following 14 rounds, total bids in the FCC's AWS-3 (high-band) spectrum auction have reached $14.18B. Bids have been placed for 1,303 of the 1,614 available licenses, and a $10.1B aggregate reserve price has been surpassed.AT&T (T -0.4%), Verizon (VZ -0.3%), T-Mobile (TMUS -0.3%), and Dish (DISH +4%) are among the companies bidding on the spectrum, which includes paired licenses (50GHz. altogether) in the 1.7GHz. and 2.1GHz. bands (good for high-density urban areas). T-Mobile raised debt ahead of the auction to help finance its efforts.The furious bidding pace highlights the strong interest U.S. carriers have in growing their spectrum portfolios to cope with rapid mobile data traffic growth. An even bigger auction for 600MHz. (low-band) spectrum was recently delayed until 2016; AT&T and Verizon will face purchase restrictions in that one. Nov. 18, 2014, 4:09 PM | 1 Comment
Q3 pay-TV scorecard out
Pay-TV operators lost about 149K subscribers in Q3 to represent the industry's worst performance ever for the period, according to data compiled by Leichtman Research Group.The mark is slightly better than the 179K subs loss that Moffett Nathanson forecast.Based on seasonal trends, Leitchman forecasts a small increase in subscriber growth for Q4.Cable/satellite/telco Q3 sub scorecard: Comcast (NASDAQ:CMCSA) -81K, Time Warner (NYSE:TWX) -182K, Charter Communications (NASDAQ:CHTR) -24K, Cablevision (NYSE:CVC) -56K, Suddenlink +2.2K, Mediacom -19K, Cable ONE -14.1K, DirecTV (NASDAQ:DTV) -28K, Dish Network (NASDAQ:DISH) -12K, AT&T +216K, Verizon (NYSE:VZ) +114K, Others/Private -65K.Based on seasonal trends, Leitchman forecasts a small increase in subscriber growth for Q4.Related: Seismic changes coming for pay TV Nov. 14, 2014, 1:41 PM | 3 Comments
Seismic changes coming for pay TV
Sony's (NYSE:SNE) new online TV package will price at $60 to $70 per month, estimates Re/code.It's a level that is twice what Dish Network (NASDAQ:DISH) plans to charge for a slimmer package, although one that includes ESPN.Programming on the Sony streaming service will feature shows from CBS, Discovery Communications, Fox, NBC, Scripps Networks, and Viacom.The pitch from the Japanese media giant is that cord-cutters will be drawn in by the captivating way of accessing the content through gaming consoles. A cutting-edge discovery and recommendations service for users is also highlighted by execs.Regulatory watch: Potential rule changes from the FCC could level the playing field for the new streamers as they work out their content deals.What to watch: A fragmented pay-TV landscape could benefit content producers (DISCA, CBS, FOXA, DIS, LGF, TWX, AMCX) in the short-term as competition heats up, while creating a pricing headache for cable/satellite/telco players (CMCSA, CVC, CHTR, DISH, T, DTV, VZ, TWC).The Netflix factor: Many media analysts consider Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX) an add-on for consumers - instead of an either/or decision with online TV. Nov. 13, 2014, 8:46 PM | 32 Comments
Comcast, AT&T commit to not developing Internet 'fast lanes'
In response to Senator Patrick Leahy's letter last week urging top ISPs to not enter "paid prioritization" deals, Comcast (NASDAQ:CMCSA) and AT&T (NYSE:T) say they have no plans to create the Internet "fast lanes" which would hurt consumers' freedom to roam the Web.Verizon (NYSE:VZ) published its response to Leahy on Wednesday, also asserting that it has no plans for "fast lanes".The pledges come after the FCC proposed its "net neutrality" rules that prohibit ISPs from blocking content, but suggests allowing some "commercially reasonable" paid prioritization deals. Oct. 31, 2014, 2:55 AM
The FCC backs Aereo and the right of consumers to break the bundle
A bid by Aereo to be defined as a cable provider gained support from the FCC with a new proposal out this week which was described in a blog post written by Chairman Tom Wheeler.The agency supports "open access" for consumers to high-speed broadband delivery and the right of over-the-top firms to offer programming owned by pay-TV providers and broadcasters.In essence, the FCC thinks the bundled pay-TV model should be broken so that consumers will not be forced to pay for channels they never watch.What to watch: Though Aero isn't likely to be the ultimate pay-TV disrupter without the deep pockets to license content, the position of the FCC opens the door for other Internet video players to emerge and chips away at the bundled channels model.Related stocks: DISH, DTV, CMCSA, CHTR, CVC, TWC, VZ, T, NFLX. Oct. 29, 2014, 1:22 PM | 9 Comments
FCC delays massive spectrum auction until 2016
The FCC's Incentive Auction, which will auction off a giant chunk of low-frequency (600 MHz.) spectrum historically used for TV broadcasts, is now set for early 2016 instead of mid-2015.The agency cites legal challenges from broadcasters, as well as the auction's complexity and "the need for all auction participants to have certainty well in advance."A recent FCC study (.pdf) meant to appease broadcasters estimated the auction could raise $45B. Sprint (S -0.1%) and T-Mobile (TMUS +0.1%), whose rural and in-building coverage has suffered from a dearth of low-frequency spectrum, are expected to spend aggressively.AT&T (T +0.1%) and Verizon (VZ +1%) are also expected to bid heavily, though the FCC plans to limit their purchases on account of their already-massive low-frequency assets. AT&T has said it plans to spend at least $9B.Dish (DISH +1.4%), which has a large chunk of high-frequency spectrum it's still trying to find a use for, plans to participate as well. Oct. 24, 2014, 1:16 PM | 10 Comments
Verizon sees strong postpaid adds, but service growth and margins drop
Verizon (VZ -0.8%) had 1.52M wireless retail postpaid net adds in Q3, up from 941K a year ago and indicating further share gains in spite of tough price competition; the total base is at 100.1M. Retail prepaid net adds totaled just 9K; the base is at 6.1M.Price competition is affecting wireless service revenue growth: Though still better than AT&T/Sprint's, growth slowed to 4.8% from 5.9% in Q2 and 7.5% in Q1. Meanwhile, Edge smartphone upgrade plan adoption contributed to a 28.9% increase in equipment revenue, which in turn contributed to a 190 bps drop in wireless op. margin to 31.9%.Retail postpaid churn rose slightly to 1.00% from 0.94% in Q2 and 0.97% a year ago. Retail postpaid ARPA +1% Q/Q and +3.5% Y/Y to $161.24.Smartphone users made up 77% of the retail postpaid base at the end of Q3, up from 75% at the end of Q2. Postpaid smartphone sales rose 21% Y/Y.Wireline revenue (30% of total revenue) fell 0.8%. Consumer retail revenue +4.5% thanks to FiOS growth and strategic services +1% due to data growth, but small business -4.1% and core -11.7% due to voice declines. Wireline op. margin rose to 2.3% from 1.5% a year ago.114K FiOS video and 162K FiOS Internet subs were added; those figures are up from Q2 levels, but down from year-ago levels. Verizon now has 5.5M FiOS video and 6.5M FiOS Internet subs. Wireline voice connections fell 6.4% Y/Y to 20.1M.Verizon still expects 4% 2014 revenue growth; consensus is at 4.6%. Capex guidance has been narrowed to $17B from $16.5B-$17B.Q3 results, PR Oct. 21, 2014, 9:37 AM
Verizon misses by $0.02, revenue in-line
Verizon (NYSE:VZ): Q3 EPS of $0.89 misses by $0.02.Revenue of $31.6B (+4.4% Y/Y) in-line.Shares +0.66% PM. Oct. 21, 2014, 7:33 AM
Notable earnings before Tuesday's open
ABG, AOS, APOL, ARMH, ATI, CP, CSL, EAT, GPK, HOG, ITW, KMB, KO, LMT, LPT, LXK, MAN, MCD, OMC, PNR, RAI, RF, SAH, SBNY, SNV, TRV, UTX, VZ, WAT, XRS Oct. 20, 2014, 5:30 PM
Verizon shakes up Edge plans, maintains premium pricing strategy
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) has lengthened the amount of time needed to pay off a phone obtained through its Edge smartphone upgrade program from 20 months to 24, and is now requiring users to pay off 75% of their current phone's price before being eligible to upgrade (up from 60%).The net effect: Monthly payments will be lower, but users will only be able to upgrade phones every 18 months vs. 12 previously.Big Red is also increasing the service plan discount given to Edge subs on 500MB-8GB plans by $5/line to $15/line. Those on bigger data plans will still get a $25/line discount.Many of the early reactions have been critical. Engadget: "The big problem is simply that this now sounds more like a conventional contract rather than the fast track you were probably expecting." DSLReports thinks Edge is now "slightly worse" than before.However, Jefferies notes the changes will boost Verizon's EBITDA (since more of a phone's price has to be paid off), and that its monthly fees are now closer to those paid by users of AT&T's popular Next upgrade plans.Overall, the shakeup drives home Verizon's commitment to a premium pricing strategy in the face of never-ending price cuts and aggressive promos from T-Mobile and Sprint, many of which AT&T has responded to.Verizon has weathered the storm fairly well to date. Q3 results arrive on Oct. 21. Oct. 16, 2014, 7:11 PM | 1 Comment
American Tower likely buyer of Verizon's towers
Scooping up Verizon's (NYSE:VZ) tower portfolio could position American Tower as (NYSE:AMT) the new leader in the U.S. tower market, Citigroup says in a note.A purchase would help AMT's scale and increase its exposure to VZ as an anchor tenant.Related: Bloomberg: Verizon looking to sell towers, could net $6B
Oct. 10, 2014, 8:23 AM
Verizon forms M2M service alliance with GE
GE "machines and devices" addressing markets such as rail, aviation, energy, and healthcare will support Verizon's (NYSE:VZ) machine-to-machine (M2M) connectivity services, as well as Verizon's cloud services.The companies declare the tie-up will allow them to deliver plenty of value-added services" for GE's Predix software platform for connecting and managing industrial device, including "remote monitoring, diagnostics and the ability to resolve maintenance issues" Verizon and GE will also work to create a global SIM for the connected hardware.Like AT&T, Verizon has been busy rolling out services providing mobile connectivity for embedded devices, hoping they can provide a top-line boost as standard mobile service revenue growth slows. Big Red's embedded offerings include services for cars and smart grids.M2M module vendors Sierra Wireless (NASDAQ:SWIR) and Novatel (NASDAQ:NVTL) must be pleased to see the partnership. Both companies count Verizon as a client.Previous: GE says data business headed for $4B-$5B in sales by 2017 Oct. 9, 2014, 6:57 PM | 1 Comment
Analysis: Cable WiFi services to go mainstream
Cable industry analyst Craig Moffett thinks the cable/broadband industry is well-positioned to benefit from the gradual consumer shift to WiFi-first services.The pieces are falling together for the group as smartphone users increasingly use WiFi connections for data and voice - instead of relying on cellular networks.In another two to three years after technology hurdles are cleared, cable WiFi could be the standard, says Moffett.Related stocks: TWC, CMCSA, CHTR, CVC, VZ, T Oct. 6, 2014, 3:32 PM | 5 Comments
Redbox Instant by Verizon bites the dust
Redbox Instant, a streaming video service operated by Verizon Communications (NYSE:VZ) and Outerwall's (NASDAQ:OUTR) Redbox, will shut down next week because the venture has not been as successful as hoped.The JV launched in March 2013, and was viewed as a potential rival to Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX). The service provided subscribers with access to a streaming library, plus the option to obtain credits toward DVD/Blu-ray discs that are available at Redbox kiosks. Customers could also rent or buy titles electronically from a separate library, with rentals starting at $3 for 48 hours, and purchases starting at $9.Redbox Instant by Verizon has not disclosed subscriber figures.Rumors about a shutdown first surfaced about a week ago; the service had disabled new sign-ups for three months due to a credit card fraud issue. Oct. 4, 2014, 5:14 PM | 6 Comments
Wireless carriers and Dish Network plan bids for FCC auction
The FCC is prepping its upcoming auction of frequencies known as AWS-3, scheduled to begin on Nov. 13. The auction is expected to raise at least $10B and will include airwaves previously occupied by multiple federal users.A total of 80 entities submitted initial applications, including Dish Network (NASDAQ:DISH) and three of the four largest U.S. wireless carriers - Verizon (NYSE:VZ), AT&T (NYSE:T) and T-Mobile (NYSE:TMUS).Sprint (NYSE:S) is planning sit out on the auction to save firepower for a major sale of low-frequency airwaves scheduled for next year. Oct. 2, 2014, 2:42 AM
The FCC isn't snoozing on online video service push
The FCC is considering new regulations for companies looking to offer an over-the-top online video service, according to The Wall Street Journal.Rules governing OTT services could make it harder for content providers and distributors to carve out smaller deals for programming.Traditional streamers such as Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX), Hulu (DIS, CMCSA, FOXA), and Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) that offer their content on-demand should be outside the regulatory purview of the FCC on the OTT startups.Dish Network (NASDAQ:DISH), Sony (NYSE:SNE), and Verizon (NYSE:VZ) are the furthest along in the race for a trimmed-down online video package aimed largely at cord-cutters and cord-nevers. Sep. 30, 2014, 9:19 AM
Major NFL sponsors tread carefully around league controversy
A majority of respondents in a poll conducted by Reuters think NFL sponsors should sever ties with the league due to the handling of star players accused of domestic abuse.It's not a simple call for the consumer-facing companies with ratings for NFL games seemingly unaffected by the issue.Though major sponsors such as PepsiCo (NYSE:PEP), Verizon (NYSE:VZ), Anheuser-Busch InBev (NYSE:BUD) have maintained advertising campaigns, Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG) canceled a Crest promotion and other advertisers have reportedly asked for shifts away from airing ads during times in the coverage when the controversy is being analyzed.NBC (NASDAQ:CMCSA) has the TV rights to the Super Bowl this season and will hope that demand and pricing for the highly-priced spots before, during, and after the game aren't impacted. Sep. 24, 2014, 12:51 PM | 3 Comments
Bloomberg: Verizon looking to sell towers, could net $6B
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) has hired boutique i-bank TAP Advisors to find a buyer and work out a lease-back agreement for its 12K wireless towers by year's end, Bloomberg reports. It adds a deal could yield $6B, given how much AT&T received per tower in last year's $4.83B sale/leasing deal with Crown Castle (NYSE:CCI).Crown Castle, American Tower (NYSE:AMT), and SBA (NASDAQ:SBAC) have all been buying towers at a heady pace. However, the rising debt loads produced by the purchases could make one or more of the companies respond cautiously to Verizon's move.Verizon, for its part, is looking to de-leverage some after raising over $60B in debt to help pay for the Vodafone deal. The carrier had $104.2B in net debt at the end of Q2. Sep. 23, 2014, 6:13 PM | 4 Comments
Major NFL sponsors react to off-the-field trouble
Anheuser-Busch InBev (NYSE:BUD) comes out with the sternest words to date of any of the major NFL sponsors.The global brewer says it's not satisfied with the manner the league has handled the recent incidents involving star players.Earlier statements from big sponsors FedEx (NYSE:FDX), Verizon (NYSE:VZ), and PepsiCo (NYSE:PEP) were more on the supportive side.Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG) has been relatively quiet, although its CoverGirl Get Your Game Face On campaign was used by protesters to make a strong point.In one of the stronger corporate statements on the NFL developments, the Radisson hotel chain broke off its sponsorship deal with the Minnesota Vikings. Sep. 16, 2014, 4:01 PM | 15 Comments
iPhone 6 Plus pre-orders sold out, smaller iPhone 6 still shipping on schedule
Apple's (AAPL +0.1%) iPhone 6 Plus is now on backorder and not available to ship for 3-4 weeks in the U.S., judging by Apple.com shipment quotes after the device went on sale after midnight.The iPhone 6 Plus, the larger of the two iPhone 6 models offered, is showing a shipment time of 3-4 weeks rather than delivery on the first day of sale, Sept. 19th, for the iPhone 6.Also, BGR reports that iPhone 6 Plus units through AT&T (T -0.4%) will now ship in 21-28 business days, Verizon's (VZ -0.6%) models are backordered until Oct. 7 (for 64 GB) or Oct. 14 (16 GB and 128 GB), and Sprint (S +7.3%) says all of its shipments are currently delayed.Worldwide demand also is said to be high for the Plus, with customers in France and the U.K. saying the larger iPhone has sold out.AAPL is expected to announce next weekend the total initial sales results for the first three days of availability. Sep. 12, 2014, 10:14 AM | 96 Comments
Verizon readying digital video service
Verizon (NYSE:VZ) may introduce an over the Internet digital video service by the middle of next year, says chief executive Lowell McAdam.The new service would be similar to Netflix, Amazon and Hulu but would also stream live channels via a technology called multicasting. The technology avoids clogging the network, delivering content straight from broadcasters to smartphones over a single stream of airwaves that users can "tune" into.
Sep. 12, 2014, 1:55 AM
Apple back above $600B in market cap, Exxon hangs on vs. Google for no. 2
After moving back above the $100/share level, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is back over the $600B mark in market cap, pushing it nearly $200B above Exxon Mobil (NYSE:XOM), the next largest company in the U.S.XOM is still valued at more than $400B, but Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) at $397B and Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) - which has surged in 2014, adding $74B in market cap to $386B - are closing the gap.Berkshire Hathaway (NYSE:BRK.B) completes the top five with a $339B market cap; no other companies are worth more than $300B.Rounding out the top 20 market caps: JNJ, WFC, GE, WMT, CVX, PG, JPM, FB, VZ, IBM, PFE, KO, ORCL, T, MRK. Sep. 11, 2014, 7:08 PM | 43 Comments
Internet companies battle for net neutrality
A number of Internet companies are staging an organized protest against the FCC's net neutrality proposal today.Though Twitter (NYSE:TWTR), Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX), Mozilla, and Reddit aren't actually slowing down their websites, they are drawing attention to the current and suggested policies of broadband providers (CHTR, CVC, TWC, CMCSA, VZ) with loading icons dedicated to the cause of an open Internet.The proposed "fast-lane" premium pipeline for content providers would mark the end of Internet freedom, according to the group. Sep. 10, 2014, 9:25 AM | 6 Comments
Live-TV viewing in decline
A new report from Nielsen puts some numbers to the escalating transition of TV viewing toward digital channels.In the key 18-34 year old demographic, digital video consumption rose 53% to 35 minutes a day.The digital growth rate was even higher for the 35-49 year old group with a 80% rise to 26 minutes a day.50-64 year olds increased digital viewing by 60%.Live TV viewing dropped 1%-2% across age groups.Related stocks: CHTR, CVC, TWC, NFLX, DISH, DTV, VZ,Nielsen Cross-Platform Report Sep. 8, 2014, 2:39 PM | 6 Comments
Verizon to launch car-sharing app
Available before year-end, Verizon Auto Share will allow users to find a vehicle, unlock it, and drive away within minutes. Not getting into the auto rental business, Verizon (NYSE:VZ) will work with rental companies and others, using its network to hook up drivers and vehicles quickly and securely.Pricing hasn't been announced, but businesses will be charged monthly based on how many cars are connected and whether they are equipped with W--Fi and/or other add-ons.The services will be demonstrated at ITS World Congress in Detroit this week. Sep. 8, 2014, 7:40 AM
Verizon Communications declares $0.55 dividend
Verizon Communications (NYSE:VZ) declares $0.55/share quarterly dividend, 3.78% increase from prior dividend of $0.53.Forward yield 4.44%Payable Nov. 3; for shareholders of record Oct. 10; ex-div Oct. 8. Sep. 4, 2014, 11:56 AM | 11 Comments
Broadband-shifting bigger influence than cord-cutting
Cable and satellite providers ended Q2 with more broadband subscribers than video customers, according to Leichtman Research Group.An important distinction is that the pace of cord-cutting declined during the quarter as many customers simply shifted to packages such as U-verse or FiOS away from traditional cable.Analyst Craig Moffett notes the pay-TV industry is growing revenue at twice the clip as the wireless business which seems to defeat the suggestion of some that it's a dying entity.Related stocks: CHTR, CVC, TWC, DISH, DTV, VZ, T. Aug. 15, 2014, 11:25 AM | 8 Comments
AT&T, Verizon slip as Sprint ends T-Mobile bid
AT&T (T -1.5%) and Verizon (VZ -1%) are lower following news Sprint is abandoning its attempt to acquire T-Mobile (at least for now) due to regulatory opposition, and has sacked CEO Dan Hesse."Four national wireless providers is good for American consumers," FCC chairman Tom Wheeler declared in a statement today. "Sprint now has an opportunity to focus their efforts on robust competition."As a standalone entity, T-Mobile has become a thorn in Verizon and (especially) AT&T's side, grabbing both postpaid and prepaid share thanks to aggressive pricing and a slew of promotions. The "Un-carrier" posted 1.5M net subscriber adds in Q2, including 908K branded postpaid net adds.T-Mobile's price pressure is unlikely to abate if Iliad succeeds in its bid to buy the company, given Iliad's track record in France. Sprint, meanwhile, may get more aggressive under new CEO Marcelo Claure (the founder of mobile distributor Brightstar), as it tries to reverse many quarters of share losses. Aug. 6, 2014, 12:42 PM | 6 Comments
Iliad confirms bid for T-Mobile; AT&T/Verizon sell off
France's Iliad (OTC:ILIAF) is offering $15B in cash for a 56.6% stake in T-Mobile USA (TMUS +7.3%) at a price of $33/share. Iliad values the remaining 43.4% at $40.50/share. Sprint (S -5.3%) has been reported to be planning a ~$40/share deal.Iliad says it has obtained financing from unnamed banks, and would also do a capital raise to help pay for the deal. One issue: Iliad has a current market cap of just $16B, less than T-Mobile's $24.8B and Sprint's $30.6B. Sprint has reportedly lined up a $40B+ debt package to finance a T-Mobile deal.A source tells the WSJ Iliad, which has upended the French mobile market with its aggressive pricing, views a T-Mobile merger as a "one-time opportunity to enter the world's-largest telecoms market."Iliad also thinks (perhaps with good reason, given FCC/DOJ remarks) regulators will be more comfortable with its bid than Sprint's, since Iliad has no U.S. presence.AT&T (T -2%) and Verizon (VZ -2.3%) have joined Sprint in selling off, as investors mull the possibility of a deal that would leave the number of nationwide U.S. carriers at 4. Concerns about Iliad's pricing history might also be weighing on shares.Related tickers: OTCPK:SFTBF, OTCQX:DTEGY Earlier: Iliad reportedly bids for T-Mobile USA Jul. 31, 2014, 1:02 PM | 13 Comments
It may take arbitration to get 1st-place Dodgers on the air
Time Warner Cable (TWC +1.4%) says it will agree to binding arbitration to settle its dispute with DirecTV (DTV +0.8%) over a carriage fee deal for the SportsNet LA network which includes coverage of Los Angeles Dodgers baseball.DirecTV hasn't indicated yet it will agree to enter arbitration as it continues to push for an a la carte option for its customers. Meanwhile, close to 70% of the Los Angeles TV/broadband market can't access Dodgers baseball.The TWC-DTV spat is being closely watched by the pay-TV industry (T, CHTR, CVC, DISH, VZ) and sports network owners (DIS, FOXA, TWX, CMCSA, CBS) as the issue of bundling regional sports networks into packages remains a hot topic. Jul. 29, 2014, 2:08 PM | 3 Comments
Telcos swing wildly as Street mulls REIT odds, M&A potential
"I’m skeptical it can be replicated," says Elevation LLC's Stephen Sweeney about Windstream's (WIN +12.9%) REIT spinoff plans. "It’s very unclear if other large cap companies can have their companies viewed by the IRS as real estate."UBS also has its doubts: It thinks AT&T (T +3.3%) and Verizon (VZ +1.8%) would have to open up their networks to rivals if they were spun off into REITs, something it doesn't think the carriers will be keen on doing.Oppenheimer's Tim Horan is more positive, albeit while cautioning Windstream's spinoff isn't a done deal. "If successful with this restructuring, and there are obviously high regulatory barriers, this will be a game changer for the valuation of non-REIT infrastructure stocks in our industry.”AT&T, Verizon, Windstream, Frontier (FTR +11.7%), and CenturyLink (CTL +4.2%) have pared their morning gains a bit amid volatile trading on very heavy volumes. AT&T has seen 66M shares trade vs. a daily average of 19.3M; Frontier has seen 89M trade vs. an average of 6.9M.Enthusiasm about Windstream's spinoff stems not only from the tax benefits provided to REITs - American Tower's tax expense has been halved since it converted into a REIT in 2012 - but also from the potential for spinoffs to spark new M&A activity.Windstream CFO Tony Thomas: "The REIT is going to be uniquely positioned to be in a great spot to help unlock value at other companies ... We have a good understanding of how the REIT opportunity could work in the telecom landscape."Earlier: Telcos soar following Windstream's REIT announcement Jul. 29, 2014, 12:14 PM | 6 Comments
WIN, FTR, CTL soar on REIT news; AT&T/Verizon/Sprint gain
Windstream's (WIN +22.3%) plans to spin off some of its telecom network assets into a REIT (following a favorable IRS ruling) has lit a fire under U.S. telecom carriers, as investors bet more REIT announcements will happen. Some might also be hoping REIT spinoffs spark additional M&A activity in an industry that has seen plenty of it.Frontier (FTR +15.8%) and CenturyLink (CTL +8.1%) are also off to the races, and AT&T (T +3.9%), Verizon (VZ +1.9%), and Sprint (S +2%) aren't doing badly either.Other gainers include Alaska Communications (ALSK +5.2%), TDS (TDS +4.1%), and Lumos Networks (LMOS +5.5%), as well as Level 3 (LVLT +5.9%) and merger partner TW Telecom (TWTC +5.2%). Level 3 posted a Q2 beat this morning.Windstream's spinoff will feature its fiber/copper networks and other real estate. The company expects to retire $3.2B in debt following the spinoff (expected to close in Q1 2015), and to have the REIT raise $3.5B in debt.Windstream plans to have an aggregate annual dividend of $0.70/share following the spinoff ($0.60 for the REIT, $0.10 for Windstream proper). That's down from a current $1.00/share. Jul. 29, 2014, 10:14 AM | 5 Comments
Verizon refinancing $12B in debt
Looking to take advantage of still-favorable corporate debt markets, Verizon (VZ +0.5%) is selling $2B in 2020 notes, $4.5B in 2046 notes, and $5.5B in 2054 notes. The debt is respectively priced just 95 bps, 155 bps, and 170 bps above the yields for the most comparable Treasurys. (PR)Verizon will use the proceeds to make exchange offers for 11 debt series'. Their maturity dates range from 2016-2043, and all but two have have yields above 6%.Verizon's bonds have rallied in response to the offering. The carrier had $104.2B in net debt at the end of Q2, after taking on over $60B in debt to help pay for the Vodafone deal. Jul. 24, 2014, 12:10 PM | 1 Comment
Verizon's postpaid adds, service growth relatively healthy
As previously disclosed, Verizon (VZ +0.6%) had 1.4M retail postpaid net adds in Q2, up from 941K a year ago and increasing the total base to 98.6M. 1.15M tablet net adds contributed heavily to the gains. Phone net adds were 304K. On the other hand, retail prepaid subs fell by 14K to 6.04M.Wireless service revenue growth slowed to 5.9% Y/Y from 7.5% in Q1, but is still healthier than AT&T/Sprint's. Equipment revenue (pressures margins) +22.2%, boosted by smartphone upgrade plan adoption. Wireless op. margin +10 bps Y/Y to 32.5%.Retail postpaid churn was 0.94% vs. 1.07% in Q1 and 0.93% a year ago. Average revenue/account (ARPA) rose fractionally Q/Q and 4.7% Y/Y to $159.73.Wireline revenue (31% of total) +0.3% Y/Y vs. -0.4% in Q1. Consumer revenue +5.3%, but small business -2.2%, global enterprise -1.9%, and global wholesale -5.5%. Wireline op. margin was just 2.7%, but that's up from 0.8% a year ago.FiOS TV adds totaled 100K, and Internet adds139K. Those numbers are up from Q1 levels, but down from year-ago levels. Verizon now has 5.4M FiOS TV subs, and 6.3M FiOS Internet subs. Total FiOS revenue +14.4% Y/Y.Verizon still expects 2014 capex of $16.5B-$17.5B vs. $16.6B in 2013.Q1 results, PR Jul. 22, 2014, 9:33 AM | 3 Comments
Verizon beats by $0.01, beats on revenue
Verizon (NYSE:VZ): Q2 EPS of $0.91 beats by $0.01.Revenue of $31.48B (+5.7% Y/Y) beats by $380M. Jul. 22, 2014, 6:31 AM | 3 Comments
Notable earnings before Tuesday's open
ABG, AMTD, AOS, ARMH, ATI, BTU, CIT, CMCSA, CNC, COL, CS, CSL, DD, DFRG, DPZ, EDU, EXAS, FMER, GCI, HOG, HUB.B, IR, KMB, KO, LMT, LPT, LXK, MCD, MJN, MO, MOSY, NEOG, OMC, PII, PLD, RESI, RF, SAH, SBNY, SILC, SNV, STT, TRV, UTX, VZ, WAT, WRLD Jul. 21, 2014, 5:30 PM | 1 Comment
Verizon to increase upload bandwidth
Due to slowing growth for its FiOS TV and broadband service, Verizon (NYSE:VZ) is now looking to regain market share with a new offering - faster upload speed.In Q1, Verizon's broadband customer additions slowed to 98k from 188k the year earlier, after facing strong competition from the cable industry.FiOS says it will make available the same upload speeds as download speeds that its customers already subscribe to, for no additional charge.The full roll-out should be completed by the fall.
Jul. 21, 2014, 2:35 AM
World Cup exposes TV Everywhere flaw
The 2014 World Cup has delivered smashing ratings reports for ESPN, Univision, and ABC - but has also exposed a weakness in the TV Everywhere platform for coverage of live events, reports GigaOm.The complicated process to transcode video feeds into a content delivery network can create a delay of up to 20 seconds - plenty of time for spoilers to crop up for viewers through their online feeds, mobile devices, or nearby friends.Though the delay isn't considered a big enough complication to derail TV Everywhere, it's another annoyance for viewers already frustrated with the authentication process.Related stocks: DISH, DTV, CHTR, CVC, TWC, CMCSA, DISCA, CBS, VZ. Jul. 11, 2014, 1:19 PM | 3 Comments
Verizon CEO: 1.4M postpaid subs added in Q2
The remarks from Verizon (VZ +1.3%) CEO Lowell McAdam (made during a CNBC talk) indicate Verizon's postpaid adds rose dramatically in Q2 from a disappointing Q1 level of 539K, and were also up from the 941K delivered in Q2 2013.Shares have caught a bid on the comments, which come ahead of Big Red's July 22 Q2 report. The postpaid figure vindicates (for now) Verizon's decision to stick to a premium pricing strategy (unlike AT&T/Sprint) in response to T-Mobile's aggressive promotions. The carrier has been counting on its network/coverage edge to keep high-ARPU postpaid subs loyal. Jul. 10, 2014, 2:12 PM | 1 Comment
Sun Valley preview: Content owners smile with tech heavyweights in the house
Select media stocks could see some volatility this week with the Allen & Co. Conference in Sun Valley, Idaho expected to get some M&A rumors kickstarted.This year's affair arrives with two mega-mergers (AT&T-DirecTV and Comcast-Time Warner Cable) looming large in the industry, and in a development which bodes well for content owners, will be attended by tech heavyweights such as Facebook's Sheryl Sandberg, Netflix's (NFLX) Reed Hastings, and Twitter's Dick Costolo.The eclectic mix also includes Warren Buffett and NBA commissioner Adam Silver who will chat up media execs with the NBA TV contract up for bid soon.Analysts expect the Allen conference to be high on stock-moving rumors, but light on binding deals.Rumored deals: A Discovery Communications (DISCA)-Scripps Networks Interactive (SNI) merger; Verizon (VZ) taking a run at Hulu (DIS, CMCSA, FOXA); 21st Century Fox (FOXA) offering a hefty premium for Time Warner (TWX).Related ETF: PBS Jul. 9, 2014, 8:42 AM
Verizon takes aim at Akamai with e-commerce CDN offering
7 months after striking a deal to buy Akamai (AKAM +0.3%) rival EdgeCast, Verizon (VZ +0.1%) has rolled out a new CDN service aimed specifically at e-commerce merchants.The service builds upon an EdgeCast e-commerce offering (called Transact) launched  before the Verizon deal. Its feature set includes value-added content protection, replication, and analytics services.To date, Verizon/EdgeCast has had a relatively small e-commerce customer base compared with Akamai. The CDN leader has aggressively targeted online retailers, who tend to pay a premium for CDN services guaranteeing high security and low latency, as part of its efforts to cut its dependence on low-margin media delivery services. Jul. 3, 2014, 5:09 PM | 1 Comment
Report: Verizon to start offering 4G prepaid services
Droid Life reports Verizon's (VZ +0.1%) AllSet prepaid plans (saw price cuts in March) will gain 4G support on July 17, thus eliminating a major shortcoming relative to rival offerings. No word on whether full or throttled 4G speeds will be delivered - Verizon has held off on offering 4G with AllSet thus far out of fear of cannibalizing costlier postpaid plans.AllSet's smartphone plans currently start at $45/month (unlimited talk/text + 500MB of data), with an extra 1GB of data costing $10 and 3GB $20. Feature phone plans start at $35/month.AT&T, T-Mobile, and Sprint already offer 4G prepaid services. AT&T recently acquired Leap Wireless, and has since begun offering nationwide 4G prepaid under Leap's Cricket brand. T-Mobile has significantly expanded the reach of MetroPCS-branded 4G prepaid services since acquiring the carrier last year.Tough competition led Verizon to post only 10K retail prepaid net adds in Q1. Its retail prepaid base totaled 6.06M at quarter's end.Previous: BTIG thinks Verizon is seeing less ARPU pressure than AT&T. Jul. 3, 2014, 1:35 PM
BTIG: Verizon seeing less ARPU pressure than AT&T
Even if AT&T's (T) ARPU drops by a modest $1.50 in 2H14, it could still be down 10% Y/Y and set to fall below $60 in 2015, notes BTIG's Walter Piecyk. AT&T is a month removed from warning it doesn't expect any wireless service revenue growth in Q2 due to ARPU pressure caused by its participation in a T-Mobile-driven price war.AT&T has responded to T-Mobile in part by cutting prices and removing phone-leasing requirements for Mobile Share plans. The response has been positive - AT&T expects ~2/3 all postpaid subs to be on no-subsidy Mobile Share plans by year's end - but has come at the cost of lower ARPU and (due to phone leases) higher equipment spend.Moreover, with Piecyk expecting 75% of Mobile Share subs to be on 10GB or higher plans by the end of 2015, he thinks AT&T will be pressured to "find something to drive incremental growth that will move those customers to higher usage plans."The story is different for Verizon (VZ), which has stuck to a premium pricing strategy and placed tougher leasing hurdles. The strategy has hurt Verizon's subscriber adds, but also led to less ARPU pressure.Piecyk thinks Verizon can still see low- to mid-single digit service revenue growth, whereas AT&T is likely to see a 5%+ Y/Y decline later this year.AT&T, of course, is about to lower its mobile dependence with a huge acquisition. Jul. 1, 2014, 7:18 PM | 8 Comments
Verizon loses German contract amid NSA uproar
Following allegations the NSA had tapped the phones of German chancellor Angela Merkel and ex-chancellor Gerhard Schröder, the German government has decided to end a telecom services contract with Verizon (VZ -0.5%) in 2015.An Interior Ministry spokesman says the government now requires carriers to sign contracts confirming they're not legally obliged to share info with foreign governments, and that Verizon can't comply.The size of the deal is unknown. With Verizon expected to post 2014 revenue of $125.1B, the impact of the German contract loss might not be huge by itself. But it could also be a sign of things to come.Last year: Court order instructs Verizon to provide NSA with call data Jun. 26, 2014, 2:48 PM | 4 Comments
Report: Verizon "very interested" in Dish's spectrum
The NY Post reports Verizon (VZ -0.3%) is eying Dish's (DISH +3.3%) high-frequency spectrum, estimated by analysts to be worth as much as $17B. One source states early, informal talks have been held.Dish has been looking for a partner for its spectrum, which is particularly useful for handling 4G traffic in high-density urban areas. After Dish's Sprint bid was thwarted last year, Charlie Ergen has said he's open to a T-Mobile deal. But Sprint and T-Mobile are now eying a merger of their own (regulators permitting).Verizon has been dealing with a 4G capacity crunch in many big metro areas; the carrier is responding by rolling out 4G in the high-frequency AWS band. Buying Dish's spectrum would give Verizon more long-term headroom.Regulators probably wouldn't object to a deal, given Sprint and T-Mobile each have considerable high-frequency spectrum. But with Verizon having $110B in debt following the Vodafone deal, balance sheet concerns could get in the way.The AT&T/DirecTV deal fueled speculation Verizon will make a bid to fully acquire Dish. But Verizon CEO Lowell McAdam quickly shot down the idea. Jun. 20, 2014, 12:16 PM | 5 Comments
Netflix talks broadband speed and error messages
Netflix (NFLX -0.7%) is out with its ISP Speed Index for May and takes a swipe at "some" large ISP providers (VZ, TWC, CHTR, CVC) along the way.ISP Speed Index (Mbps): Cablevision-Optimum 3.03, Cox 2.94, Charter 2.87, Suddenlink 2.83, Comcast 2.72, Time Warner Cable 2.45, Bright House 2.23, Windstream 1.90, Verizon FIOS 1.90.The company says some ISPs are harming consumers by double-dipping to get fees from subscribers and content providers for the same access.In an interesting twist, Netflix says it will continue testing using an error message when a broadband provider has persistent network congestion. A broad roll-out of the policy is being considered.Previous: Netflix vs. Verizon over error message Jun. 9, 2014, 11:20 AM | 5 Comments
Verizon fights back over Netflix error message
Verizon (VZ +0.4%) has sent a cease and desist letter to Netflix (NFLX +1%) over error messages the company is reported to be displaying placing blame at the feet of Verizon for a crowded network.The company says there is no basis to make the claim that it's solely responsible for the issue.A Verizon spokesperson calls the error message a "publicity stunt." Jun. 5, 2014, 3:07 PM | 14 Comments
Verizon Communications Inc. declares $0.53 dividend
Verizon Communications (VZ) declares $0.53/share quarterly dividend, in line with previous.Forward yield 4.29%Payable Aug. 1; for shareholders of record July 10; ex-div July 8. Jun. 5, 2014, 12:18 PM | 4 Comments
Verizon, Sprint, T-Mobile slide following AT&T's guidance
Verizon (VZ -1.5%), Sprint (S -2.2%), and T-Mobile (TMUS -1%) have each closed lower after AT&T guided for no Q2 wireless service revenue growth, and a weak wireless service EBITDA margin.Investors have already been nervous about the impact a T-Mobile-driven price war stands to have on the top and bottom lines of rivals. AT&T mentioned adoption of its Mobile Share Value plans, which saw price cuts after T-Mobile announced a series of aggressive moves, are pressuring its ARPU.Verizon, though offering some modest promotions, has generally stuck to a premium pricing strategy; its disappointing Q1 postpaid subscriber adds - 539K net adds with an estimated 95K decline for phones - fueled questions about whether a strategy change is needed. The fact AT&T expects to add 800K+ postpaid subs in Q2 might heighten those concerns.Sprint has been more aggressive than Verizon, launching its low-cost Framily plans in January and heavily promoting them. But it lost 231K postpaid subs in Q1 as it scrambles to neutralize Verizon/AT&T's 4G coverage leads.One encouraging AT&T datapoint: The carrier expects ~2/3 of postpaid smartphone subs to be on subsidy-free Mobile Share Value plans by year's end. Both AT&T and peers have made slashing subsidy spend a priority. Jun. 3, 2014, 4:07 PM | 4 Comments
Sprint Chairman justifies possible T-Mobile acquisition
Sprint (S) Chairman Masayoshi Son reasons that the rise in telecom and cable mergers should allow his company to buy rival T-Mobile (TMUS). Three big mergers have taken place in recent months with Verizon (VZ) acquiring Vodafone (VOD) for $130B, Comcast (CMCSA) buying Time Warner Cable (TWC) for $45B, and the AT&T (T) purchase of DirecTV (DTV) for $49B."Access to the Internet is currently dominated by three giants with no sizable competitor," says Son.Although the company has not yet made a formal bid on T-Mobile, it looks to lay the framework for a future purchase.Antitrust authorities have previously frowned on such a deal, as it would cut the number of national competitors in the wireless industry to three from four. May 29, 2014, 4:15 AM | 9 Comments
Verizon shoots down Dish reports, could battle AT&T in Web TV
"I know there are reports out there that we are talking to Dish (DISH -2.3%). I can tell you now, that is someone's fantasy ... I don't think owning a satellite company is something I'm interested in at this point," says Verizon (VZ +0.1%) CEO Lowell McAdam in response to reports his company has held talks with Dish.As it is, there was plenty of skepticism Verizon, which just took on more than $60B in debt to help pay for Vodafone's Verizon Wireless stake, would turn its sights on Dish in response to AT&T's (T -0.8%) deal to acquire DirecTV.McAdam states Verizon's current focus is on rolling out OTT (Web-based) programming. The company bought out Intel's would-be Web TV unit in January, and has since said it's in talks with content providers to offer a Web/mobile TV service.If/when Verizon's service launches, it'll likely face competition from Dish, which plans to launch a Web TV service aimed at cord-cutters by year's end. It might also compete against AT&T,  which hopes to launch a Web TV offering within 12-18 months of the DirecTV deal's closing.For each company, signing up content providers terrified of upsetting traditional pay-TV clients (and thus putting affiliate fees at risk) remains a challenge. Dish, for its part, has managed to get Disney/ESPN on board. May 20, 2014, 9:55 AM | 2 Comments
Report: Verizon has held talks with Dish
Sources tell dealReporter Verizon (VZ +0.1%) has held talks with Dish (DISH -0.3%). Dish shares are near breakeven after trading lower much of the day in response to the AT&T/DirecTV deal.AT&T/DirecTV has fueled speculation Verizon could counter with an offer for Dish, which owns a large chunk of high-frequency spectrum that could be used to offer 4G services. But there has also been a fair amount of skepticism, particularly given Verizon just spent $130B to buy Vodafone's Verizon Wireless stake.Analyst Craig Moffett: "Dish Network has just been left standing ... That Verizon might be a buyer is more wishful thinking than it is analysis." Wells Fargo thinks Verizon might bid for Dish's spectrum, but not the whole company.The deal has also renewed speculation Dish will try to merge with T-Mobile (TMUS +2.1%), which could face tough regulatory opposition to a merger with Sprint.Reuters reported in December Dish is weighing an offer for the #4 U.S. carrier, and Charlie Ergen has said a deal is a possibility. May 19, 2014, 2:35 PM | 1 Comment
Paulson holds steady in gold bets; adds big stakes in Verizon, CBS
John Paulson maintained his place as the biggest shareholder in the SPDR Gold Trust ETF (GLD) as of the end of Q1, keeping his 10.2M-share stake valued at nearly $1.3B while tinkering around the edges of some single-company bets in the mining sector.Paulson cut his stake in Freeport McMoRan (FCX) by a third and in AngloGold Ashanti (AU) by ~10%, while holding steady on positions in Agnico Eagle Mines (AEM), Allied Nevada (ANV), Gold Fields (GFI), Iamgold (IAG) and Randgold Resources (GOLD).His biggest new positions came in Verizon (VZ), buying ~8.75M shares worth $415.9M, and CBS, acquiring a ~4.47M-share stake worth $276.6M; he more than doubled holdings in (GM, $138M) and Cobalt Energy (CIE, $499M) while cutting his stake in Hess (HES) by 62%.
May 15, 2014, 5:53 PM | 12 Comments
Buffett, Loeb disclose stakes in Verizon
Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway established an 11M-share stake in Verizon (VZ) in Q1, according to the company's 13F. The stake has a current value of $533M.Dan Loeb's Third Point LLC took a 3.5M-share stake in the telco in Q1., The stake has a current value of $170M.The votes of confidence come amid worries (heightened by Verizon's Q1 numbers) about the impact of intensifying U.S. mobile price competition.VZ +1.5% AH May 15, 2014, 4:23 PM | 6 Comments
Sprint gains; FCC to restrict AT&T/Verizon's 2015 spectrum purchases
The FCC has voted 3-2 to restrict how much spectrum AT&T (T +0.2%) and Verizon (VZ -0.2%) can buy in next year's huge low-frequency spectrum auctions.Sprint (S +3.4%) and T-Mobile (TMUS +1.9%) have both lobbied aggressively for restrictions to be placed on AT&T/Verizon, who between them have a huge share of low-frequency mobile spectrum (better for rural/in-building coverage).The decision shortly follows a similar vote in favor of chairman Tom Wheeler's net neutrality proposal - it doesn't prohibit pay-for-priority deals with content providers, but does seek comment on whether they should be banned, as well as on whether other neutrality regulations should be imposed.The FCC is also set to vote on a spectrum cap rule change for vetting mergers/acquisitions. Sprint and T-Mobile are hoping that one doesn't pass. May 15, 2014, 1:56 PM | 1 Comment
FCC to decide on net neutrality, rules for spectrum auction
The Federal Communications Commission is due to vote today on a proposal to formally allow some "commercially reasonable" deals that would enable Internet content companies to pay fees so that their traffic receives priority on the network.Facebook (FB), Twitter (TWTR) and Google (GOOG, GOOGL) are among those opposed to "pay-for-priority," while Netflix (NFLX) is strongly in favor of net neutrality as well. The latter has reluctantly forged "direct-peering" agreements that remove bottlenecks between networks and ensure that its contents streams more smoothly.Advocates of net neutrality fear that pay-for-priority will lead to "fast lanes" for corporations that can afford it and slower traffic for others, and some even want Internet providers to be reclassified as utilities, as is the case with telephone operations.Meanwhile, the FCC is also scheduled to decide on rules for the sale of low-frequency airwaves to wireless carriers, with the regulations expected to limit how much Verizon (VZ) and AT&T (T) can purchase.Other relevant tickers: CMCSA, TWC, ALLT, LVLT, CCOI, FTR, WIN, CTL, CHTR, CVC, DISH. May 15, 2014, 4:43 AM | 7 Comments
T-Mobile's Q1 postpaid adds dwarf Verizon/AT&T/Sprint's
Thanks to aggressive pricing and a slew of promotions, T-Mobile (TMUS) added 1.3M branded postpaid subs (1.2M phone subs), 465K branded prepaid subs, and 600K non-branded subs in Q1. The branded postpaid figure dwarfs Verizon's (VZ) 539K and AT&T's (T) 625K - the difference in phone adds is even larger - and compares with a net loss of 333K for would-be suitor Sprint (S).Regulators mulling a Sprint/T-Mobile tie-up are doubtlessly paying attention, and the same goes for AT&T and Verizon: The former has responded more aggressively to T-Mobile's price cuts thus far than the latter.Thanks to the strong Q1 numbers, which come after T-Mobile added 1.645M total subs (869K branded postpaid) in Q4, the carrier now expects 2.8M-3.3M branded postpaid net adds in 2014, up from a prior 2M-3M. Cash capex is still expected to be in a range of $4.3B-$4.6B.At the same time, T-Mobile's strategy continues taking a near-term toll on its bottom line: Adjusted EBITDA fell 26% Y/Y to $1.09B, and T-Mobile has cut its full-year adjusted EBITDA guidance to $5.6B-$5.8B from $5.7B-$6B. Adjusted EBITDA margin fell 400 bps Q/Q to 20%.Service revenue rose 4.5% Y/Y to $5.34B. Branded postpaid churn fell 20 bps Q/Q and 40 bps Y/Y to 1.5% (a new record). ARPU fell $0.69 Q/Q to $50.01. "Simple free cash flow" (adjusted EBITDA - cash capex) was $141M, down from $357M in Q4 and $239M a year ago.TMUS +7.6% thanks to the sub adds and a Bloomberg report stating Sprint has lined up financing for a bid. Sprint +6.2%. T-Mobile parent Deutsche Telekom (DTEGY) is up 2.9% in Frankfurt. May 1, 2014, 8:01 AM
Netflix to pay Verizon for faster streaming
Netflix (NFLX) strikes a deal with Verizon (VZ) to improve the speed and reliability of its streaming content to Verizon customers.The arrangement creates a more direct connection between the servers of the companies.Netflix already has a for-pay peering deal with Comcast. Apr. 29, 2014, 7:06 AM | 12 Comments
Sprint, AT&T, Verizon in the crosshairs as FCC plans spectrum rule changes
The FCC plans to add 128.5MHz. of spectrum to its screening procedures for vetting mergers and spectrum sales. Sprint (S -4.1%) owns 101MHz. of the spectrum, via its acquisition of Clearwire and its valuable 2.5GHz. band spectrum (good for urban areas).The rule change, due for a May 15 vote, relates to the FCC's scrutiny of deals that give a carrier more than 1/3 of all spectrum in a particular market. Sprint will exceed that threshold in most big markets once the change goes through.Though Sprint won't be forced to sell spectrum in those markets, it could have a much harder time adding to its spectrum position within them via M&A - say, through a merger with T-Mobile USA (TMUS -3.6%).Separately, the FCC plans to provide tougher scrutiny of deals that would lead to a single carrier having over 1/3 of all quality low-frequency (sub-1GHz., better for buildings and rural areas) spectrum in a market, and to limit how much a carrier with such a spectrum position can bid in 2015's anticipated low-frequency auctions.AT&T (T +1.3%) and Verizon (VZ +1.5%), which together control a giant share of low-frequency U.S. mobile spectrum, are the companies targeted by those proposals. Sprint, T-Mobile, and other rivals have been pressuring the FCC to limit how much spectrum AT&T and Verizon can buy in the 2015 auction. Apr. 28, 2014, 12:40 PM | 3 Comments
Verizon -2% on lower postpaid adds; Sprint, T-Mobile also off
Verizon (VZ -2%) had only 539K wireless postpaid net adds in Q1 (549K total), down from 677K a year ago (720K total) and for once below AT&T's quarterly postpaid figure of 625K. Also, retail churn rose 7 bps Y/Y to 1.37%, and retail postpaid churn 6 bps to 1.07%.Those figures raise the question of whether Verizon's commitment to a premium pricing strategy in the face of a T-Mobile-launched price war is impacting subscriber adds.Nonetheless, wireless service revenue grew 7.5% Y/Y, nearly even with Q4's 8% and much better than AT&T's 2.2%. Wireless op. margin rose 210 bps to 35%, and retail postpaid ARPA 6.3% to $159.67. Verizon ended Q1 with 103.3M retail connections (97.3M postpaid).Wireline revenue fell 0.4%, as 4.4% and 6.4% declines in enterprise and wholesale revenue (caused in part by voice weakness) offset a 6.2% increase in consumer retail (driven by 15.5% FiOS growth). Wireline op. margin rose 10 bps to 1.5%.98K and 57K FiOS Internet and TV subs were respectively added, down from 126K and 96K in Q4. Total broadband connections (FiOS or otherwise) rose 1.5% to 9M.Q1 free cash flow was $3.93B, below net income of $5.99B but above illustrative net income of $3.8B. Verizon is still expecting 4% 2014 revenue and EBITDA growth. Its dividend yield stands at 4.6%.Sprint (S -3.2%) and T-Mobile (TMUS -2%) are following Verizon lower. They fell yesterday in the wake of AT&T's report. Sprint reports on April 29Q1 results, PR, Apr. 24, 2014, 10:10 AM | 1 Comment
Verizon Communications misses by $0.02, beats on revenue
Verizon Communications (VZ): Q1 EPS of $0.84 misses by $0.02.Revenue of $30.81B (+4.7% Y/Y) beats by $110M. Apr. 24, 2014, 7:31 AM
Verizon selling federal services unit to Jacobs Engineering
Verizon's (VZ) Federal Network Systems (FNS) unit is being sold to Jacobs Engineering (JEC) for an undisclosed sum. The deal is expected to close this summer. (PR)FNS has over 750 employees, and provides IT, network design/maintenance, data security and systems integration services. It's focused on servicing intelligence, DoD, and federal civilian clients. Apr. 22, 2014, 9:14 AM | 1 Comment
T-Mobile offers free tablet data as price war against AT&T/Verizon continues
T-Mobile USA's (TMUS -2.6%) Operation Tablet Freedom allows customers to add tablets to their postpaid plans for free. By contrast, AT&T's (T +1.1%) Mobile Share plans and Verizon's (VZ -0.4%) More Everything plans charge $10/month for each tablet that's added to an existing data bucket.T-Mobile is also providing customers who "bring, buy, or trade in a tablet" nearly 1.2GB/month of free data for the rest of 2014 - it'll charge $10/month for the data afterwards - and discounting 4G-capable tablets so as to price them on par with Wi-Fi-only models. A 4G 16GB iPad Air will go for $499 rather than its MSRP of $629.Yesterday, T-Mobile unveiled its $40/month Simple Starter plan, which provides unlimited voice/text to go with a meager 200MB of data (albeit with no overages). A third pricing announcement is due tomorrow.Past T-Mobile price cuts/promotions: I, II, III Apr. 10, 2014, 2:22 PM | 6 Comments
Verizon buying spectrum from Cincinnati Bell in $210M deal
Verizon (VZ -0.3%) is paying $194M in cash to acquire spectrum licenses from Cincinnati Bell (CBB +1%), and is also assuming tower lease obligations. The deal, expected to close in 2H14, has a total value of $210M to CBB.CBB plans to wind down its wireless ops and "assist its wireless customers in transitioning their service arrangements to Verizon Wireless or other wireless providers."Verizon, perhaps looking to appease regulators, will assign the rights to CBB's spectrum to P-E firm Grain Management, and then lease a portion of it back.FierceWireless observes CBB owns a mixture of high-frequency and low-frequency Ohio spectrum. Regulators have been nervous about attempts by Verizon and AT&T to increase their already-massive low-frequency holdings. Apr. 7, 2014, 11:52 AM
Pay-TV eye the future as video subscribers decline
The pay-TV industry in the U.S. posted its first-ever decline in video subscribers during 2013, according to data compiled by SNL Kagan.The group (TWC, CVC, CHTR, DTV, DISH, VZ, T) lost 251K subscribers during the period.Even a late charge in Q4 by Comcast CMCSA couldn't turn the tide.What to watch: Online TV services which offer limited programming packages are expected to start cropping up this year to put additional pressure on pay-TV operators. Companies such as Dish Network plan to walk a tightrope of enticing cord-cutters and cord-nevers to sign on without cannibalizing current video subscriber counts. Mar. 19, 2014, 11:25 AM | 8 Comments
Son promises "price war" against AT&T, Verizon if Sprint/T-Mobile approved
Ahead of a big speech at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, SoftBank's (SFTBF, SFTBY) Masayoshi Son is promising a "massive price war" if skeptical regulators allow Sprint (S +0.7%) to merge with T-Mobile USA (TMUS +2.4%).As expected, Son also insists Sprint and T-Mobile, who between them have a giant portfolio of high-frequency spectrum assets, could act as a credible last-mile broadband rival to phone/cable duopolies if they joined forces.AT&T (T -0.8%) and Verizon (VZ -0.6%) are ticking lower, while Sprint and T-Mobile are up moderately. AT&T has already been cutting prices to counter T-Mobile's aggressive moves - moves that have contributed to FCC/DOJ doubts about the merits of a Sprint/T-Mobile deal.Verizon, for now, is refusing to take part in a price war, and betting its service quality and unmatched 4G coverage will lead its pospaid subs to continue paying a premium.Yesterday: U.S. mobile roundup Mar. 11, 2014, 10:47 AM | 15 Comments
U.S. mobile roundup: AT&T/T-Mobile cuts, Verizon strategy, SoftBank
AT&T (T -0.3%), which unflinchingly stuck with a premium pricing strategy for years, has announced yet another price cut for its Mobile Share plans (previous), as it tries to fend off a share-gaining Verizon and a resurgent T-Mobile.The price of Ma Bell's low-end 2GB Mobile Share plan has been cut by $15/month. The base price for a single user is now $40/month; adding a smartphone via AT&T's Next upgrade plan adds $25/month to the bill. Opting for a traditional phone subsidy/contract instead of Next costs $40/month.T-Mobile (TMUS +0.3%) , meanwhile, has simultaneously increased its data allotments for cheaper postpaid plans - a $50/month plan featuring unlimited voice/text now provides 1GB of data, up from 500MB - and hiked the price of its unlimited data offering by $10 to $80/month.Verizon (VZ -0.5%), which has offered some minor price cuts and promotions lately, insists it won't depart from its premium pricing strategy. CFO Fran Shammo: "We’re not going to buy customers ... You have to earn customers." Shammo also reiterates Verizon's support for subsidies (and with them, service contracts), and says the carrier will take a cautious approach to installment plans.Bloomberg reports SoftBank's (SFTBF, SFTBY) Masayoshi Son, facing regulatory opposition to his plans for a Sprint (S +0.4%) bid for T-Mobile, will shift from arguing a merger is needed combat Verizon/AT&T to arguing a deal will allow Sprint/T-Mobile to act as a last-mile broadband alternative to phone/cable duopolies. Son is due to make a speech tomorrow. Mar. 10, 2014, 2:54 PM | 9 Comments
Verizon authorizes 100M-share buyback program; will it be used?
Verizon (VZ) has signed off on a buyback program good for repurchasing up to 100M shares through Feb. 28, 2017. The program, arriving two weeks after the Vodafone/Verizon Wireless deal officially closed, is in theory good for repurchasing nearly 2.5% of outstanding shares.However, CFO Fran Shammo stated last month he doesn't expect Verizon to buy back any shares for at least 2-3 years, as it works to pay off the $60B+ in debt it took on to help finance the Vodafone deal.Verizon has largely refrained from buybacks in recent years, keeping its options open as it made giant Verizon Wireless dividend payments to Vodafone. The carrier repurchased only 3.5M shares through a 100M-share, three-year program that expired last month. Mar. 7, 2014, 5:30 PM | 2 Comments
Verizon Communications Inc. declares $0.53 dividend
Verizon Communications (VZ) declares $0.53/share quarterly dividend, in line with previous.Forward yield 4.50%Payable May 1; for shareholders of record April 10; ex-div April 8. Mar. 7, 2014, 4:36 PM | 1 Comment
Verizon in talks to offer Web/mobile TV service
Verizon (VZ) CEO Lowell McAdam says he has personally talked with CEOs of major content providers about offering FiOS video content nationwide, and over both broadband and mobile networks.The comments come six weeks after Verizon struck a deal to buy the assets of Intel's stillborn Web TV unit, and shortly after Dish reached a deal with Disney that gives it the right to offer Disney channels as part of a separate streaming service.There were reports at the time of the Intel deal that Verizon wanted to use the assets to offer online TV services in areas not covered by FiOS.Intel's efforts were thwarted by stalled licensing talks and the opposition of incumbent pay-TV providers such as Time Warner Cable. Verizon, already a major client of media giants (via FiOS), might have more leverage.If Verizon's effort gets off the ground, it could benefit Synacor (SYNC), whose software powers FiOS' existing TV Everywhere services. Mar. 4, 2014, 6:38 PM | 1 Comment
Verizon cuts prepaid pricing ... and data buckets
Via its new AllSet prepaid plans, Verizon (VZ) is offering unlimited voice/text and 500MB of data to prepaid smartphone users for $45/month. Users can obtain an extra 500MB for $5, 1GB for $10, and 2GB for $20. Feature phone users only pay $35/month, but their voice minutes are capped at $500.Previously, Verizon offered unlimited voice/text and 2GB of data to smartphone users for $60/month, with an extra 2GB available for $10. Thus the carrier's new plans amount to a price cut for light data users, but not for heavier ones.Verizon is looking to better compete against T-Mobile USA (TMUS), which added 112K branded prepaid subs in Q4 and is expanding the reach of its MetroPCS brand. AT&T, on the verge of acquiring Leap Wireless and its Cricket prepaid brand, has also been fighting over a prepaid market that's responsible for much of the U.S. mobile industry's remaining growth. Mar. 3, 2014, 5:57 PM | 1 Comment
Morgan Stanley, JPMorgan give Verizon a lift
Morgan Stanley has resumed coverage on Verizon (VZ +2.8%) with an Overweight and $52 PT, and JPMorgan has added the carrier to its Focus List two days after resuming coverage with an Overweight and $57 PT.MS' Simon Flannery calls Verizon's valuation "attractive," and likes its mobile competitive positioning. He suggests shares have been pressured by the impact of Vodafone's 1.27B-share distribution following the closing of the Verizon Wireless deal. Feb. 27, 2014, 1:19 PM | 3 Comments
Study names 26 firms that paid no income tax for five years
Twenty-six out of 288 profitable Fortune 500 companies paid no federal income tax between 2008 and 2012, a report from the left-leaning activist group Citizens for Tax Justice shows.The firms include Boeing (BA), GE (GE), and Verizon Communications (VZ).The study adds that 111 firms paid no federal income tax in at least one of the five years.However, GE and other companies named dispute the report's findings. "For each year cited by Citizens for Tax Justice, GE paid income taxes in the U.S., as well as billions in other state, local and federal taxes in the U.S.," GE said.Boeing said its total effective 2013 tax rate was 26.4%, while Verizon said it paid over $2.9B in income taxes from 2008-2012.CTJ's report comes as GOP House member David Camp gets set to introduce an overhaul of the tax code. Feb. 26, 2014, 4:13 AM | 31 Comments
Verizon/AT&T confirm Netflix talks; analysts think Netflix's costs could drop
Verizon (VZ) and AT&T (T) have confirmed that they, too, are talking with Netflix (NFLX +3.4%) about direct peering deals. Verizon CEO Lowell McAdam says his company's talks with the streaming giant have been going on for about a year.Netflix shares closed the day with strong gains, as analysts argued direct peering deals such as the one just reached with Comcast could end up having a neutral or even positive impact on Netflix's bandwidth costs, given the company will no longer have to pay intermediaries such as Cogent (CCOI -6.8%).Dan Rayburn: "It should actually be cheaper for Netflix to buy direct from Comcast, and they also get an SLA, which also improves quality ... While I don’t know the price Comcast is charging Netflix, I can guarantee you it’s at the fair market price for transit."Others aren't convinced direct peering deals are a positive. The Washington Post: "Cogent has many competitors. Verizon's FiOS service does not. If companies like Cogent are squeezed out of business, it will make these already powerful network owners even more powerful."GigaOm: "These agreements aren’t transparent ... rates could go up over time, and they essentially act as a tax on the Internet." Feb. 24, 2014, 6:41 PM | 5 Comments
Broadband providers get a leg up as Netflix ends standoff with Comcast
In what could be a landmark pact for its dealings with other broadband providers, Netflix (NFLX) agrees to pay Comcast (CMCSA) to ensure its shows stream smoothly to the cable operators' customers.The debate: Who should bear the cost of upgrading Internet networks to carry the growing volume of online video - broadband providers (like Comcast) or content companies (like Netflix). While some big content names have begun paying the providers for faster and smoother access, Netflix - until now - has been a holdout, and today's agreement likely paves the way for similar deals with major broadband companies like Verizon (VZ), AT&T (T), and Time Warner (TWC).The agreement, of course, comes just days after Comcast agreed to buy TIme Warner in a deal which would make it by far the largest provider of broadband in the U.S., and it removes one potential regulatory issue hanging over the acquisition.From Friday: Signs point to a Netflix/Comcast deal Feb. 23, 2014, 8:53 PM | 34 Comments
Verizon/Vodafone deal closes. Vodafone to return $85B to shareholders.
Verizon (VZ -0.3%) has officially completed its $130B purchase of Vodafone's (VOD +0.5%) 45% stake in Verizon Wireless. As previously announced, Verizon is issuing 1.27B shares to Vodafone (current value of $61B), and paying for the rest of the deal in cash.Vodafone says it will return $23.9B of the cash to shareholders in addition to distributing the Verizon shares (previous), leading to a total return of $85B. All signs suggest the carrier will use a chunk of the remaining post-tax windfall to go acquisition-hunting.Verizon reiterates the deal will immediately be accretive to EPS by 10%. Over the long haul, it's expected to give Verizon more flexibility to integrate its wireline and mobile services, and to cut overhead by combining redundant divisions. Feb. 21, 2014, 11:20 AM | 20 Comments
FCC to explore removing laws blocking muni broadband networks
In addition to drafting net neutrality rules that would prohibit blocking Internet services or discriminating between them (widely expected), the FCC says it will explore eliminating state laws prohibiting municipalities and local government from building their own broadband networks.At the same time, the FCC has rejected calls from net neutrality advocates to classify broadband ISPs as common carriers, a move that would subject them to tougher regulations than basic neutrality rules would allow. Also, mobile services are set to remain exempt from neutrality rules.Thanks in large part to lobbying from cable and telco ISPs, 20 states have passed laws limiting public broadband investments. With U.S. broadband prices often far higher than those charged for comparable services overseas, and many cable and telco ISPs relying on high-margin broadband services to offset slumping TV and/or voice revenue, there's plenty at stake over the long-term.Major ISPs that could be affected: T, VZ, FTR, WIN, CTL, CMCSA, TWC, CHTR, CVC Previous: FCC to draft new net neutrality rules, won't appeal Verizon case Feb. 19, 2014, 12:37 PM | 8 Comments
FCC to draft new net neutrality rules, won't appeal Verizon case
The FCC says it will draft new net neutrality rules, but won't appeal a January appeals court ruling in Verizon's (VZ -0.2%) favor that struck down existing rules.Chairman Tom Wheeler has previously stated he supports neutrality rules that prevent the blocking/limiting of services, but has also suggested service providers such as Netflix (NFLX -0.4%) could pay ISPs extra to improve service quality.The White House recently issued a statement backing neutrality principles, while leaving the matter to the FCC to handle.The ruling comes as many U.S. Netflix subs see declining streaming speeds due to disputes with ISPs over network peering payments (not covered by past neutrality rules). Google, Facebook, Microsoft, and others are already making peering payments. Feb. 19, 2014, 11:22 AM
Netflix pay dispute with carriers leads to slower streaming
Netflix (NFLX) subscribers have been experiencing a slowdown in the speed of their video streaming following a dispute between the company and broadband providers over how much Netflix content they should transport without receiving extra fees.The problem is especially noticeable on Verizon Communications' (VZ) fiber-optic FiOS service, where average prime-time speeds fell 14% in January. Feb. 19, 2014, 5:10 AM | 18 Comments
Vodafone explains how it will dole out Verizon windfall
Vodafone (VOD) will divide up 1.27B Verizon Communications (VZ) shares to its investors as part of the distribution it's making following the $130B sale of its 45% stake in Verizon Wireless.Vodafone stockholders will receive 0.026 of a share in Verizon Communications for each Vodafone share they own.The U.K. carrier's shares are due to be consolidated on Monday at the rate of 6 new shares for 11 existing shares after the Verizon transaction closes on Friday.Based on closing stock prices and currency rates yesterday, for example, a Vodafone stockholder would receive £0.72 in Verizon shares and £0.30 in cash for each Vodafone share they hold. (PR) Feb. 19, 2014, 3:04 AM | 89 Comments
Verizon reportedly set to hike data caps, offer Edge program discounts
Android Police and Engadget report Verizon (VZ) is set to launch an initiative called More Everything tomorrow. The biggest features: Verizon will respectively increase the 500MB, 1GB, and 2GB data caps for its shared data plans to 1GB, 2GB, and 3GB, and will offer $10-$20/month discounts for subscribers to its Edge smartphone upgrade plans.The top U.S. mobile carrier will also provide Edge users with 25GB of cloud storage (currently costs $2.99/month) and free international messaging. The reports comes after Verizon confirmed it's offering discounted "loyalty" plans to keep subscribers in good standing from defecting, and (more importantly) follows the launch of major discounts/promotions from AT&T, Sprint, and especially T-Mobile.Verizon is coming off a Q4 in which it added an industry-leading 1.6M postpaid subs. Execs have frequently asserted Verizon will maintain a premium pricing strategy, while relying on its coverage/service quality to keep subscribers from jumping ship. The company is in the midst of tripling 4G capacity in major metro areas. Feb. 12, 2014, 6:45 PM | 2 Comments
Verizon offers "loyalty" plans to subs, might offer new line promotion
It looks as if Verizon (VZ) is joining the U.S. mobile industry's budding price war: The carrier has begun offering relatively cheap "loyalty" plans to subscribers in order to keep them from defecting.Though Verizon hasn't spelled out the details, FierceWireless states evidence suggests the plans provide unlimited voice/text and 2GB of data for $60/month.Meanwhile, Android Central reports Verizon is set to offer $100 in credit for any new smartphone/mobile broadband line activated from Feb. 7-28. AT&T began a similar promotion in late January; its offer lasts until March 31.Verizon, AT&T, and Sprint all sold off hard on Monday after AT&T launched aggressively-priced family plans. All three carriers are contending with a resurgent T-Mobile. which recently began offering up to $650 in credit to defecting subs.Until now, there hadn't been any signs Verizon, which gained more share in Q4, is thinking of meaningfully changing its premium pricing in response to moves from rivals. Feb. 7, 2014, 4:45 PM | 6 Comments
AT&T slumps after launching family plans; Verizon, Sprint also off
Following a Q4 in which it saw disappointing net subscriber adds and intensifying competition from T-Mobile (TMUS -1%), AT&T (T -3.4%) has launched aggressively-priced plans for families looking to share 10GB/month of data between accounts while receiving unlimited talk/text.A family with just two smartphones still has to pay $130/month, but each additional smartphone costs only $15/month. One important catch: Like AT&T's recent shared data plan discount and a $200 credit provided in its T-Mobile promotion, the family plans require users forgo traditional smartphone subsidies. AT&T's efforts to pare subsidy expenses are a major reason its wireless op. margin rose 690 bps Y/Y in Q4.AT&T is underperforming on a bad day for equities, as are Verizon (VZ -3.4%) and Sprint (S -4.3%). While AT&T, Sprint, and (especially) T-Mobile have launched major discounts and promotions in recent months, Verizon has maintained its premium pricing strategy, betting its coverage and service quality will allow it to continue delivering industry-leading subscriber adds and margins. But fears are growing Big Red increasingly has no choice but to return fire.AT&T's latest move comes days after the carrier announced a $100 credit for each new line opened by a new or existing subscriber. Feb. 3, 2014, 12:02 PM | 10 Comments
Tech ratings change roundup: Intel, Verizon, Red Hat, Qlik
Intel (INTC -1.6%) has been cut to Hold by Drexel Hamilton following last week's Q4 numbers. Drexel had only upgraded shares on Dec. 6.Verizon (VZ -0.7%) has been cut to Sector Perform by Pac Crest following yesterday's Q4 results (I, II).Red Hat (RHT +0.7%) has been upgraded to Outperform by Oppenheimer. Morgan Stanley upgraded shares last week.Qlik (QLIK +0.4%) has been upgraded to Hold by Drexel Hamilton. Q4 results are due on Feb. 20.Silicon Motion (SIMO +5.3%) has been upgraded to Buy by Needham ahead of its Jan. 28 Q4 report.Callidus Software (CALD +3.1%) has been started at Outperform by Credit Suisse. Q4 results arrive on Feb. 5.Electronics for Imaging (EFII +4.3%) has been started at Overweight by Barclays ahead of its Jan. 28 Q4 report.
Jan. 22, 2014, 10:04 AM | 1 Comment
Verizon reports healthy wireless margins, sets conservative capex budget
In what's likely evidence of more share gains, Verizon (VZ -1.3%) had 1.7M retail wireless net adds in seasonally strong Q4, of which 1.6M were postpaid. That's up from 1.1M and 927K in Q3, albeit down from 2.2M and 2.1M a year ago - higher penetrations rates are contributing to slower growth.126K and 96K FiOS Internet and TV subs were respectively added. That's down from 173K and 135K in Q3, and 144K and 134K a year ago. Verizon has slowed down the pace of its FiOS buildout.Subscriber totals: 102.8M wireless retail (96.8M potapaid), 6.1M FiOS Internet, 5.3M FiOS TV.Wireless service revenue +8% Y/Y vs. +8.4% in Q3. But wireless op. margin rose to 29.5% from 24% a year ago, and wireless EBITDA margin to 47% from 41.4%.A contributing factor: Smartphone activations fell 10.2% Y/Y to 8.8M, and Verizon's phone upgrade rate fell to 7.4% from 8.8% a year ago. Like other U.S. carriers, Verizon has been looking for ways to cut phone subsidy expenses. For the first time, iPhone sales aren't being broken out.2013 capex was $16.6B (14% of revenue). Verizon has set a conservative 2014 capex budget of $16.5B-$17B.Q4 results, PR Jan. 21, 2014, 9:37 AM | 1 Comment
Verizon Communications beats by $0.04, beats on revenue
Verizon Communications (VZ): Q4 EPS of $0.66 beats by $0.04.Revenue of $31.1B (+3.5% Y/Y) beats by $80M. Jan. 21, 2014, 7:32 AM | 4 Comments
Intel to sell online TV ops to Verizon
Intel (INTC) has agreed to sell its online TV unit - which never got off the ground - to Verizon (VZ).The terms were undisclosed, although past media reports have mentioned a sum of $500M.Verizon will obtain the unit's intellectual property rights and it will offer jobs to around 350 staff. (PR) Jan. 21, 2014, 6:07 AM | 1 Comment
Notable earnings before Tuesday’s open
AMTD, BHI, COL, DAL, EDU, FRX, HAL, IRWD, JNJ, PETS, RF, SAP, SNV, TRV, VZ Jan. 21, 2014, 12:05 AM
Notable earnings before Tuesday’s open
AMTD, BHI, COL, DAL, EDU, FRX, HAL, IRWD, JNJ, PETS, RF, SAP, SNV, TRV, VZ Jan. 20, 2014, 5:30 PM | 1 Comment
Viacom launches customizable TV channel
Viacom (VIAB) plans to launch a TV network in the U.S. that parents can control content on.Customers of Verizon's (VZ) FiOS will be the first to get crack at My Nickoledeon Junior while Viacom works out deals with other Pay-TV operators.Both Verizon and Viacom think the idea of programmable content will keep it competitive with streaming services.On Netflix: "There's no reason they should own that space—we should own that space," says one Verizon exec. Jan. 15, 2014, 9:11 AM
Appeals court strikes down net neutrality rules
A federal appeals court has struck down the FCC's net neutrality rule, which prohibits wireline (but not wireless) service providers from discriminating against or providing preferential treatment for certain types of data traffic.Though the ruling is likely to be appealed further, it represents a major win for AT&T (T -0.3%) and Verizon (VZ -0.5%), who have been lobbying hard to do away with net neutrality. It's a loss for Netflix (NFLX -0.1%), whose heavy bandwidth consumption has drawn the ire of numerous ISPs (many of whom it directly or indirectly competes with), as well as other major Web traffic sources.The ruling comes a week after AT&T's mobile unit triggered an uproar by launching its Sponsored Data program. Jan. 14, 2014, 10:20 AM | 78 Comments
AT&T, Verizon, Sprint slump after T-Mobile launches termination fee program
AT&T (T -1.9%), Verizon (VZ -2%), and Sprint (S -4.4%) are each selling off after T-Mobile USA (TMUS -1.1%) announced a credit program for defecting mobile subscribers - up to $300 in credit for trading in a phone, buying an approved T-Mobile phone, and signing up for a postpaid plan, and up to $350 to pay off termination fees - that was even more aggressive than expected. Sprint is also being pressured by a Deutsche downgrade to Hold.FBR's David Nixon likely speaks for many on the Street when he expresses concerns AT&T, Verizon, and Sprint "will be forced to react to the move." Fears that T-Mobile's efforts will pressure industry margins and increase churn have already been running high. AT&T announced a smaller promotion (up to $450 in credit) last week.Nixon also says CES feedback points to "surprising confidence from T-Mobile US that a merger with Sprint could be approved if argued on the right basis." T-Mobile CEO John Legere didn't rule out a future acquisition by Sprint yesterday, though he did suggest T-Mobile's brand would be maintained post-acquisition. Legere also took quite a few shots at his rivals.Meanwhile SoftBank (SFTBF, SFTBY) CEO Masayoshi Son isn't mincing words regarding Sprint's challenges. In a Nikkei column, Son blasts Sprint's marketing efforts (all of the company's ad agencies have been fired), and says the carrier "has gotten used to being a loser." Jan. 9, 2014, 2:42 PM | 9 Comments
Sprint launches "Framily" plan, targets rivals via group discounts
Showing a clear disregard for both traditional family plans and the English language, Sprint (S) has launched its "Framily" plan, a program that gives groups of 2-10 friends and family members the ability to obtain discounts by signing up together (they're still billed separately). (PR)$5/month in savings is provided to each user for every line that's added to a plan, up to a maximum of $30/month. Sprint notes users in a group of 7-10 people would pay just $25/month for unlimited talk/text and 1GB of data. However, users can't obtain phone subsidies along the way.Sprint and T-Mobile (TMUS) have become increasingly aggressive with their pricing over the last year, as they  pull out all the stops to take share from bigger rivals Verizon (VZ) and AT&T (T).AT&T is showing signs it's willing to return fire a bit, but Verizon, by far the biggest U.S. mobile share-gainer in 2013, appears fully committed to its premium pricing strategy.T-Mobile's Un-Carrier 4.0 event, expected to feature the launch of a program providing credit that can be used to pay off termination fees, is set for tomorrow. Jan. 7, 2014, 6:29 PM | 3 Comments
Online movie sales keep getting stronger
Online purchases of movies rose 47% to $1.12B in 2013 in the U.S., according to Digital Entertainment Group. The striking growth rate has calmed fears that consumers would opt to wait for rental windows to open up before buying movies.Streaming subscription rentals rose 32% to $3.16B during the period.Kiosk DVD sales slipped 1%, but the aging business still commanded $1.9B in sales. Brick-and-mortar rentals were off 14.3% to $1.042B.If there was a surprise, it might be the relatively slow pace of VOD movie sales, up only 4.8% to $2.11B.Full report (.pdf)Related stocks: NFLX, OUTR, VZ, CMCSA, CHTR, CVC, TWC, DIS, FOXA, DISH, DTV. Jan. 7, 2014, 11:57 AM | 6 Comments
T-Mobile US makes large spectrum purchase
T-Mobile US (TMUS) announces it purchased 700 mhz A-Block spectrum licenses from Verizon (VZ) for $2.365B.The acquisition will help T-Mobile expand its low-band spectrum coverage into more key markets.The company will have a conference call at 11:00 a.m. to go over the details. (webcast) Jan. 6, 2014, 7:14 AM | 1 Comment
T-Mobile might take aim at termination fees, pressure AT&T/Verizon's margins
Jefferies' Mike McCormack notes multiple Web sources indicate T-Mobile USA's (TMUS +1.2%) Jan. 8 "Un-Carrier 4.0" event will involve the launch of a promotion in which the carrier will offer to pay off the early termination fees of consumers switching from rivals and trading in their old phones.One report states T-Mobile will offer up to $350 in credit to smartphones users, and $200 in credit to feature phone users.McCormack worries T-Mobile is "opening a Pandora's box, leading to intensified competition from larger peers that have better scale and higher profitability." That's a reference to AT&T (T +0.1%) and Verizon (VZ), and perhaps to a lesser extent Sprint (S +8.3%).In addition to potentially increasing churn at rival carriers and compelling them to respond with similar promotions, T-Mobile's move could lead rivals to offer early subsidies in an effort to keep customers in the middle of contracts from switching. AT&T and Verizon have been trying hard to reduce subsidy expenses via service plan and policy changes.Over the last 10 months, T-Mobile has already eliminated contracts/subsidies in favor of phone installment plans, rolled out a smartphone upgrade program (leading peers to do the same), and launched cheap data roaming and international calling services. Dec. 27, 2013, 4:34 PM | 14 Comments
Verizon, T-Mobile request FCC approval for spectrum swaps
Verizon (VZ +0.6%) and T-Mobile (TMUS +0.1%) have filed paperwork requesting the FCC sign off on spectrum swaps related to the high-frequency (urban-friendly) AWS-1 and PCS bands. No dollar figure is attached to the proposal.The #1 and #4 U.S. mobile carriers are looking to swap AWS-1 spectrum in 285 counties, and PCS spectrum in 153 counties. The proposal highlights the extent to which carriers are scrambling to improve their spectrum positions as mobile data traffic growth refuses to let up.The proposal appears to be separate from the rumored sale of rural-friendly 700MHz. spectrum by Verizon to T-Mobile. Bloomberg recently reported a deal is close, and would involve T-Mobile paying Verizon with a mixture of cash and urban spectrum. Dec. 18, 2013, 1:41 PM | 1 Comment
Verizon reportedly close to deal for Intel TV unit
Bloomberg reports Verizon (VZ -0.6%) is close to a deal to acquire Intel's (INTC -0.7%) TV unit, whose planned Web TV service never got off the ground. Intel was previously reported to be asking $500M for the unit.Verizon is once more said to be interested in using Intel's TV assets, which include set-top software and cloud DVR tech, to launch a Web TV service of its own in areas not covered by FiOS. The broadband/pay-TV providers whose networks Verizon will have to leverage to offer the service won't be thrilled to hear that.The report's timing coincides with that of a WSJ report stating Sprint is thinking of launching a bid for T-Mobile USA in 1H14. Verizon investors have taken the report in stride.Previous: Verizon, T-Mobile reportedly close to spectrum deal Dec. 13, 2013, 4:25 PM
Bloomberg: Verizon, T-Mobile close to spectrum deal
Bloomberg reports Verizon (VZ -0.5%) is close to a deal to sell its 700MHz. A-block spectrum (good for rural areas) to T-Mobile USA (TMUS +0.6%) for a mixture of cash and urban spectrum, and could announce a sale next week.The much-rumored deal would help T-Mobile expand its rural coverage, and allow Verizon to improve its 4G coverage in cities where it's investing heavily to cope with surging 4G data traffic.The report comes shortly after the FCC delayed the auctioning of 600MHz. spectrum badly coveted by T-Mobile and Sprint to mid-2015. Dec. 13, 2013, 2:29 PM
Broadcasters and streamers adapt to binge viewing trends
New polling from Harris Interactive confirms that consumers streaming video content prefer the practice of binge viewing.The news isn't a shocker to Netflix (NFLX -0.2%) and Amazon (AMZN +1.3%) which have been pointing toward their own viewing data for quite a while.Redbox Instant (VZ, OUTR) could be the next streaming service to bring on TV shows for binge viewing, according to media buzz.The read-through for broadcasters (CBS, AMCX, FOXA, DIS, CMCSA) is mixed. Advertising rates could suffer if more viewers are willing to wait until series are available for streaming, but the payoffs for quality content are getting higher and higher. Just this week, CBS CEO Les Moonves tipped off that Amazon paid $700K per episode for streaming rights to Under the Dome - while AMC Networks knows full well that without Netflix hit show Breaking Bad would have broken down. Dec. 13, 2013, 12:55 PM | 4 Comments
FCC, U.S. carriers reach phone unlocking deal
The FCC has reached a deal with major U.S. carriers (VZ, T, S, TMUS) to make it easier for consumers to unlock their phones. The deal will guarantee postpaid users can unlock their phones once their contracts end, and will reportedly also cover some prepaid phones.In addition, carriers will have to approve or deny unlocking requests within two business days, and (according to sources) will also have to notify consumers when their phones become eligible for unlocking.A big increase in the number of unlocked phones in use could results in higher customer churn, as users no longer find it necessary to buy a new phone and (if they want a subsidy) agree to a new contract to switch carriers. At the same time, it could lower phone subsidy expenses.Previous: FCC wants carriers to allow unlocking Dec. 12, 2013, 1:32 PM | 2 Comments
Verizon confirms EdgeCast deal, says Vodafone deal to boost EPS
Verizon (VZ) confirms it's acquiring CDN owner EdgeCast Networks. No price tag is given, but TechCrunch reported over the weekend Verizon is paying $350M+. The companies hope to close the deal in early 2014. (PR)Akamai (AKAM) investors aren't responding well to the news; shares -2.5% premarket. The deal could both strengthen an Akamai rival, and end Verizon's partnership with the CDN market leader.Verizon notes EdgeCast has 6K+ customers, and says the business complements that of TV Everywhere uploading/encoding service provider upLynk (acquired earlier this year).Separately, at a UBS conference talk (webcast), Verizon predicts its $130B purchase of Vodafone's Verizon Wireless stake (financed using both debt and equity) will boost EPS by 10%. Dec. 9, 2013, 9:16 AM
Verizon reportedly buying CDN owner EdgeCast for $350M+
TechCrunch reports Verizon (VZ) is acquiring content delivery network (CDN) EdgeCast for $350M+. EdgeCast counts Yahoo, Twitter, Pinterest, and Hulu among its clients, has been profitable for the last four years, and was on a $100M/year revenue run rate as of July.Thus, assuming EdgeCast is still growing, Verizon may be paying just ~3x forward sales. CDN market leader Akamai (AKAM) trades at 4.5x 2014E sales.Acquiring EdgeCast could unravel an enterprise CDN partnership Verizon has with Akamai. With telcos increasingly looking to offer their own CDN services, Akamai has been trying to turn a threat into an opportunity by offering carrier CDN solutions. In addition to Verizon, AT&T and Orange are clients.As for Verizon, the company could leverage its IP infrastructure and sales reach to grow EdgeCast's sales to third-parties, and (perhaps more interestingly) use EdgeCast's network to underpin an expansion of its online/mobile video offerings.This year has already seen Verizon add mobile support for certain FiOS channels, and acquire TV Everywhere encoding tech provider upLynk. The telco has also been reported to be eying the assets of Intel's Web TV unit, with the idea of offering a Web TV service in areas not covered by FiOS. Dec. 8, 2013, 6:28 PM | 3 Comments
FCC delays major spectrum auction until mid-2015
FCC chairman Tom Wheeler discloses a much-anticipated auction of broadcast TV spectrum to mobile carriers won't take place until mid-2015. Under prior chairman Julius Genachowski, the commission had set a June 2014 target date for auctioning the airwaves, which reside in the rural-friendly 600MHz. band.Sprint (S) and T-Mobile (TMUS), who badly need more low-frequency spectrum to expand their rural coverage, have been hoping the auction would happen sooner rather than later. Verizon (VZ) and AT&T (T), who own ~75% of all sub-1GHz. U.S. mobile spectrum, currently offer better rural coverage in many regions.Earlier this week, Wheeler hinted the FCC's auction rules will favor the likes of Sprint and T-Mobile, who have been calling for restrictions to be placed on how much spectrum Verizon and AT&T can purchase. Dec. 6, 2013, 6:04 PM | 5 Comments
Verizon triples 4G capacity in top markets, looks to maintain network lead
With its 4G rollout largely complete from a coverage standpoint (~300M Americans now covered), Verizon (VZ +0.7%) is making good on its promise to ramp network capacity. By turning on a new network in the high-frequency AWS band (good for urban areas), Big Red has tripled its 4G capacity in markets such as NYC, Chicago, and Seattle, and increased it by 150% in downtown L.A. and S.F. Dozens of additional markets will be added soon.On paper, the spectrum-rich network can support speeds of 100-150Mbps. Though most users won't see such numbers, the network should allow Verizon to take the U.S. 4G speed crown back from AT&T (T +0.6%), which is reallocating 2G/3G spectrum to improve its 4G capacity.The launch comes as Verizon admits soaring mobile data traffic has led to network congestion in markets such as NYC, Chicago, and S.F, and promises to increase capex to address the issue.Verizon's 4G network edge is a major reason why it has continued gaining postpaid share in spite of its premium pricing. AT&T just discounted its Mobile Share plans for certain users in an effort to better compete against Verizon and others. Dec. 6, 2013, 1:20 PM | 4 Comments
Verizon Communications Inc. declares $0.53 dividend
Verizon Communications (VZ) declares $0.53/share quarterly dividend, in line with previous.Forward yield 4.34%Payable Feb. 3; for shareholders of record Jan 10; ex-div Jan 8. Dec. 5, 2013, 12:23 PM
AT&T eyes $2.75B Verizon spectrum
AT&T (T) is reportedly thinking about bidding for spectrum licenses owned by Verizon Wireless (VZ), which bought the assets for $2.4B and may receive up to $2.75B in any deal.An AT&T bid could put it up against T-Mobile US (TMUS), whose marketing strategy has included targeting AT&T in the companies' battle for customers. Dec. 5, 2013, 3:19 AM | 1 Comment
FCC chairman hints spectrum rules will favor smaller carriers
New FCC chairman Tom Wheeler: "Spectrum is finite ...  A key goal of our spectrum-allocation efforts is ensuring that multiple carriers have access to airwaves needed to operate their networks."Wheeler also made note of an April DOJ filing calling on major upcoming FCC spectrum auctions (due in 2014, at the earliest) to be designed to guarantee smaller carriers get enough low-frequency airwaves (better for rural areas).The remarks have been praised by Sprint (S -1.8%) and T-Mobile USA (TMUS +1.9%), who have been calling for such rules themselves. Bigger rivals AT&T (T -0.2%) and Verizon (VZ +0.7%), who between them own ~75% of the country's low-frequency mobile spectrum, probably aren't as pleased.Sprint, which obtained a huge chunk of high-frequency (2.5GHz.) spectrum through the Clearwire deal, claims it would need 13-15 2.5GHz. cell sites to cover as much ground as one 700 MHz. site. T-Mobile is reportedly looking to buy unused 700MHz. spectrum from Verizon.AT&T is set to acquire high-frequency (1.7-2.1GHz.) spectrum through the Leap Wireless deal, but (no doubt to appease the FCC) plans to have Leap sell 700MHz. spectrum it recently acquired for $204M. Dec. 3, 2013, 4:28 PM | 5 Comments
WSJ: H-P replacing Verizon as Obamacare site hosting provider
The WSJ reports the Department of Health and Human Services plans to have H-P (HPQ +9%) replace Verizon's (VZ -0.2%) Terremark unit as the Web hosting services provider for the much-criticized Obamacare health-insurance marketplace site (HealthCare.gov).The department reportedly awarded H-P a contract over the summer, before the site went live and ignited a firestorm of criticism due to performance, reliability, and security concerns.While the dollar value of the deal is unlikely to significantly move the needle for either H-P or Verizon, the department's switch could have PR implications. Both H-P and Terremark are trying to gain ground in a hotly competitive cloud infrastructure market currently dominated by Amazon.The report comes on a day in which H-P nearly made new 52-week highs on account of its big FQ4 revenue beat. Nov. 27, 2013, 6:02 PM | 10 Comments
Bloomberg: Intel asking for $500M for TV business, Verizon thinking big
Bloomberg reports Intel (INTC) has set an asking price of $500M for the assets of its would-be Web TV service, and is hoping to reach a deal by year's end.Though lacking any revenue, the business does have some potentially valuable IP and software assets stemming from startup acquisitions, as well as Intel's efforts to create a unique set-top UI and cloud DVR for its service.Verizon and Liberty Global have already been rumored to be talking with Intel about possibly buying the unit.Bloomberg's sources indicate Verizon (VZ) is looking to use the Intel unit as a springboard to offer its own Web TV service, one that would expand its TV reach to areas not covered by FiOS. Verizon has reportedly been asking content owners if it would need new contracts to offer a Web TV service, or if it could simply amend its FiOS deals. Nov. 25, 2013, 7:28 PM | 8 Comments
Most popular hedge fund shorts according to Goldman monitor
The most popular shorts according to Goldman's Hedge Fund Monitor which analyzes the positions of 783 funds with $1.6T in assets (in reverse order, i.e. the last in this list is the most heavily shorted): SYY, KO, TGT, BMY, SNDK, UPS, SLB, GE, CVX, PFE, CAT, COP, EMC, PG, NFLX, WMT, JNJ, DIS, CRM, VZ, IBM, XOM, T, GILD, INTC.A quick scan finds Netflix making both the top 25 list of most heavily shorted and the top 20 list of most concentrated longs. List of 20 longs is here. Nov. 25, 2013, 4:03 PM | 17 Comments
Verizon willing to sell spectrum, doesn't see enterprise improvement
Shortly after Reuters reported T-Mobile USA (TMUS +1.1%) has approached Verizon (VZ +0.7%) about buying spectrum, Verizon CFO Fran Shammo has confirmed his company is willing to sell its unused A Block spectrum.However, Shammo insists (perhaps as a negotiating tactic) Verizon is willing to deploy the spectrum itself if it doesn't received a fair offer.The spectrum resides in the 700MHz. band, which is well-suited for low-density areas where range is more important than bandwidth. By contrast, Verizon's traffic problems are largely in high-density metro areas such as NYC, Chicago, and San Francisco, where its ramping 4G capex to relieve congestion.Shammo has also made cautious remarks about 2014 U.S. enterprise/macro conditions. "The good news is that the macro enviro is not getting worse, but not getting better ... In the U.S. we still have too much uncertainty around what tax reform looks like."Big Red's enterprise mobile sales have been healthy, but its wireline business sales have been declining, thanks to voice line disconnections and strong data services competition. Verizon's global enterprise wireline revenue fell 3% Y/Y in Q3 to $3.67B, and small business wireline revenue fell 3% to $650M. Nov. 20, 2013, 11:06 AM | 1 Comment
Reuters: T-Mobile looking to buy spectrum from Verizon
A source tells Reuters T-Mobile USA (TMUS) has approached Verizon (VZ -0.1%) about acquiring spectrum, albeit while cautioning the sales process is in the early stages. An analyst estimates the price tag for the spectrum, which isn't being used by Verizon, could total $3B.T-Mobile is in the midst of raising $3.65B via stock and debt offerings, and has been expected to use much of the proceeds to go spectrum-shopping. The carrier priced its debt offering last night: It's selling $1B worth of 6.125% 2022 senior notes, and $1B worth of 6.5% 2024 senior notes.Verizon, meanwhile, may be looking to raise cash via asset sales after taking on $61B in debt ($49B through a massive bond sale) to help pay for the Vodafone deal. Nov. 19, 2013, 2:25 PM
FCC wants carriers to allow unlocking, pushing ahead with H-Block auction
New FCC chairman Tom Wheeler has sent a letter to U.S. mobile trade group CTIA calling on carriers to set policies for allowing consumers to unlock their phones once their contracts are up, or else be required to via regulations.Wheeler also wants carriers to notify consumers when their phones are eligible to be unlocked, arguing "any voluntary program would be a hollow shell" in the absence of user awareness.Consumer groups have long called for phone unlocking to be legalized, and a White House petition on the matter racked up 114K signatures.Large-scale phone unlocking could increase the churn rates seen by U.S. carriers (VZ, T, S TMUS), as customers no longer have the need to buy a new phone (and, if they want a subsidy, agree to a 2-year contract) to switch carriers. But it could also lower phone subsidy expenses.Separately, Wheeler says the FCC is pushing ahead with its H Block spectrum auction, even though Sprint and T-Mobile have said they're not interested. Sprint had been expected to bid in the auction, which covers airwaves in the 1900MHz. band (good for urban/high-traffic areas).With Sprint out of the picture, the coast is clear for Dish (DISH -0.5%) to win the auction, which is now set for Jan. 22 and has a reserve price of $1.56B. The H Block spectrum is adjacent to the (currently unused) frequencies already owned by Dish. Nov. 15, 2013, 2:55 PM | 2 Comments
Comcast shakes up the pay-TV sector with digital movies plan
Comcast (CMCSA -0.3%) will offer both new releases and older movies for purchase to its consumers to store in the cloud.The company is working with all the major studios to rapidly expand its library and could release some titles before the DVD and Blu-Ray window opens.Verizon (VZ -0.8%) is the only other major pay-TV player selling digital movies, although Dish Network (DISH -0.7%) is reported to be considering a similar move. Nov. 15, 2013, 12:39 PM | 3 Comments
Intel reportedly set to abandon TV project, sell assets to Verizon
Sources tell AllThingsD control of Intel Media, the unit responsible for Intel's (INTC) Web TV service project, could soon be handed off to FiOS provider Verizon (VZ). It isn't clear if Intel would hold onto some of the unit's assets.There were multiple reports last month Intel's project, which was met with skepticism from the start, was in dire straits. Content licensing talks proved difficult amid hostility from pay-TV providers worried about new competition, and from all indications, new CEO Brian Krzanich hasn't viewed the project as a priority.If Verizon was to acquire Intel Media, its FiOS division could find some use for the set-top software/UI and cloud DVR tech the unit was working on. Intel Media acquired three startups to assist with its software efforts. Oct. 30, 2013, 9:28 AM | 9 Comments
Redbox Instant arrives on the PlayStation 3
Redbox Instant (OUTR, VZ) is now available on Sony's PlayStation 3 in a development that could help boost the subscriber count for the service.A Redbox Instant by Verizon subscription costs $8 a month and includes DVD and streaming rental rights. Oct. 29, 2013, 8:22 AM
A roundup of tech ratings changes
AMD (AMD -12.7%) has been cut to Neutral by BofA/Merrill after beating Q3 estimates and providing above-consensus Q4 revenue guidance, but also reporting a 15% Y/Y drop in CPU division sales due to PC weakness.Verizon (VZ +0.8%) has been upgraded to Buy by Stifel a day after beating Q3 estimates and reporting better-than-expected mobile subscriber adds.Amazon (AMZN +2.4%) has been upgraded to Buy by UBS ahead of its Oct. 24 Q3 report.VMware (VMW +2.8%) has been upgraded to Overweight by JPMorgan ahead of Monday's Q3 report.T-Mobile USA (TMUS +2.7%) has been added to Goldman's Conviction Buy list ahead of its Nov. 5 Q3 report.Intuit (INTU +2.6%) has been upgraded to Buy by BofA/Merrill.Align Technology (ALGN +24.4%) has been upgraded to Buy by Cantor following its Q3 beat.LG Display (LPL -0.2%) has been cut to Hold by Craig-Hallum after issuing a Q4 warning.Ultratech (UTEK -10.2%) has been cut to Hold by Canaccord following its Q3 miss.Sierra Wireless (SWIR -1%) has been cut to Market Perform by Raymond James; Q3 results arrive on Nov. 7.Aspen Technology (AZPN -0.9%) has been cut to Neutral by JPMorgan.Analog chipmakers International Rectifier (IRF -1.7%) and Monolithic Power (MPWR -1.3%) have been cut to Market Perform by Wells Fargo.U.S. Cellular (USM -1.2%) has been started at Underperform by FBR. Oct. 18, 2013, 9:34 AM
Verizon's Q3 subscriber adds impress, shares rise
Verizon (VZ +2.4%) added 1.1M net retail wireless connections in Q3, and saw 927K retail postpaid net adds. Those figures compare with 1M and 941K in Q2, and are evidence Big Red continues to take U.S. mobile share. Total retail postpaid connections +5% Y/Y to 95.2M, total retail connections +5% to 101.2M; both figures grew at a 6% clip in Q2.Verizon's wireless service revenue rose 8.4% Y/Y in Q3, even with Q2 and outpacing sub growth. Wireless op. margin was 33.8%, +140 bps Q/Q and +200 bps Y/Y. 67% of retail postpaid subs now use smarphones (up from 64% in Q2), and 42% use a shared data plan.Retail postpaid ARPA +2% Q/Q and +7% Y/Y to $155.74. But retail postpaid churn was 0.97%, up from 0.91% a year ago.FiOS Internet and TV net adds totaled 173K and 135K, respectively. That compares with 161K and 140K in Q2. FiOS Internet and TV subs totd 5.9M and 5.2M at quarter's end. Total broadband connections rose by 56K Q/Q to 9M. Consumer wireline ARPU rose 8.7% Y/Y to $112.86.However, wireline revenue fell 1% Y/Y, as declines in small business, "Core" enterprise, and global wholesale services offset gains for consumer retail and "strategic" enterprise. 371K wireline voice connections were lost, total voice connections -6% Y/Y to 21.5M. Wireline op. margin was 1.6%, up from 0.8% in Q2 and 0.4% a year ago.Q3 results, PR Oct. 17, 2013, 9:38 AM
Verizon's Q3 iPhone sales healthy
Verizon (VZ) has disclosed on its Q3 CC the iPhone (AAPL) accounted for 51% of its Q3 smartphone activations (different from sales), up from 43% in Q2 and 46% a year ago even though the 5S/5C arrived late in the quarter and the 5S was supply-constrained. iPhone activations totaled 3.89M, roughly flat Q/Q and +25% Y/Y.The figures back up Q3 numbers from research firms, which indicate the iPhone picked up smartphone share in the U.S. (one of its two strongest major markets, along with Japan) ahead of the 5S/5C launches.AAPL -0.4% premarket. AT&T's Q3 report arrives on Oct. 23, and Apple's FQ4 report is due on Oct. 28. Oct. 17, 2013, 9:28 AM | 16 Comments
Verizon beats by $0.03, beats on revenues
Verizon (VZ): Q3 EPS of $0.77 beats by $0.03.Revenue of $30.28B (+4.4% Y/Y) beats by $0.11B. (PR) Oct. 17, 2013, 7:42 AM
Notable earnings before Thursday’s open
ADS, APH, BAX, BBT, BGG, BTU, BX, CY, DGX, DHR, DOV, FCFS, FCS, FITB, GS, HBAN, HLSS, MTB, NUE, ORB, OSTK, PENN, PM, PPG, SNA, SON, SVU, SYNT,TSM, TZOO, UNH, UNP, UTEK, VZ, WGO Oct. 17, 2013, 12:05 AM
Notable earnings before Thursday’s open
ADS, APH, BAX, BBT, BGG, BTU, BX, CY, DGX, DHR, DOV, FCFS, FCS, FITB, GS, HBAN, HLSS, MTB, NUE, ORB, OSTK, PENN, PM, PPG, SNA, SON, SVU, SYNT,TSM, TZOO, UNH, UNP, UTEK, VZ, WGO Oct. 16, 2013, 5:30 PM
Verizon launches cloud infrastructure platform with rich feature set
Verizon's (VZ) Terremark unit, already a major player in the cloud infrastructure (IaaS) market, has launched new computing/storage services under the Verizon Cloud name. Like Rackspace and others, Big Red suggests it won't challenge 800-lb. gorilla Amazon Web Services (AMZN) on price, but will emphasize reliability, performance, and user control.Verizon says its use of an "ultra-flat" multi-tier architecture will yield better reliability than rival offerings, and lower the odds one resource-hogging server virtual machine will affect others. The carrier also promises to give customers more granular control over how much capacity they order.The offerings are also more scalable than those provided thus far by Terremark, use open APIs to connect to rival platforms (inc. AWS), and make it easier to migrate enterprise workloads.Nonetheless, taking on Amazon, recently estimated by Gartner to have 5x the compute capacity of all other IaaS providers combined and to also have "the richest IaaS product portfolio," will be a challenge. Particularly given Amazon's pricing mentality.Verizon's services rely on the open-source Xen virtualization platform. Terremark already has a partnership with top Xen supporter Citrix (CTXS).Other key IaaS rivals: Microsoft (Windows Azure), VMware (vCloud Hybrid) Google (Compute Engine) Oct. 3, 2013, 11:58 PM | 2 Comments
Kantar: Verizon taking smartphone share from AT&T, Sprint
In addition to  providing fresh global smartphone sales estimates, Kantar Worldpanel has provided estimates for U.S. carrier smartphone sales. Verizon (VZ -0.7%) is the big winner: Kantar thinks the nation's top carrier accounted for 37.1% of U.S. smartphone sales in the June-August timeframe, +520 bps Y/Y.On the other hand, Kantar thinks AT&T's (T -0.5%) share fell 680 bps to 21.7%, and Sprint's (S +1%) share 620 bps to 14.6%. T-Mobile USA (TMUS -0.3%), its fortunes recently improving thanks to iPhone sales and new service plans, is assigned a 13.2% share, +110 bps. Curiously, "Other" carriers are given a 13.4% share, +500 bps.AT&T recently announced it expects its Q3 smartphone upgrades to be up Y/Y, and that it will add 1M smartphone subs during the quarter. However, it also predicted upgrades will drop on a Y/Y basis in Q4.Smartphone users made up 64.4% of Verizon's postpaid base at the end of Q2, up from 61.4% at the end of Q1. That figure still trailed AT&T's 73%. Higher smartphone sales hurt near-term margins, but also boost ARPUs by migrating subs to costlier data plans. Sep. 30, 2013, 4:33 PM | 1 Comment
Apple pares early gains as SocGen cuts shares to Hold
SocGen's Andy Perkins isn't impressed Apple's (AAPL +3.5%) new FQ4 revenue guidance remains within its original range in spite of the company's strong weekend iPhone sales. He takes this as a sign higher 5S/5C sales "came at the expense of the 4S." His $500 PT remains unchanged.Others on the sell-side are more enthusiastic, taking the numbers as evidence 5C demand was better than feared. Gene Munster thinks the 5C may have accounted for 3M-4M of the 9M+ weekend sales.Mobile analytics firm Localytics offers a different take. The firm's tracking data indicates the 5S outsold the 5C by a 3.4:1 margin in the U.S. over the weekend, and by a 3.7:1 margin internationally. In Japan, where NTT DoCoMo has commenced iPhone sales and the 5S is being offered for free with 2-year contracts, the ratio was 5:1.The 5S/5C managed to account for 1.36% of all active U.S. iPhones tracked by Localytics as of 8PM ET yesterday. 49% of them were on AT&T's (T -0.7%) network, and 38% on Verizon's (VZ). Sep. 23, 2013, 12:28 PM | 37 Comments
Verizon enables mobile FiOS viewing, launches Android/iPhone apps
Verizon (VZ) FiOS TV subs will now be able to use mobile apps to watch certain TV channels away from home. In addition, Android and iPhone FiOS apps have been launched to complement an existing iPad FiOS app (launched last November) that, until now, only supported TV streaming on home Wi-Fi networks.Initially, mobile viewing is supported for just 9 channels, as compared with the 76 supported for home Wi-Fi viewing. They include BBC America and World, EPIX, the NFL Network (iPad-only), HGTV, and the Food Network. Verizon promises to add more channels/content later this year, and in 2014.Verizon is also integrating features found in its FiOS Mobile Remote and Verizon Media Manager apps, so as to provide an integrated experience. Big Red had 5M FiOS TV subs at the end of Q2; the service passes 18M households.Several Verizon rivals, including Comcast and Time Warner Cable, also offer access to some channels away from home.Previous: Verizon strikes NFL Mobile extension Sep. 20, 2013, 5:39 PM
A roundup of tech ratings changes
3D Systems (DDD +2.4%) has been started at Outperform by Credit Suisse.Broadcom (BRCM +2.5%) has been upgraded to Positive by Susquehanna.Verizon (VZ +0.2%) has been upgraded to Outperform by RBC.InterActiveCorp (IACI -1.3%) has been cut to Sector Perform by RBC a week after Daily Beast editor-in-chief/co-founder Tina Brown announced her departure.Avago (AVGO +1.3%) has been upgraded to Outperform by JMP.Cavium (CAVM -0.8%) has been cut to Neutral by Lazard.
Sep. 17, 2013, 9:44 AM
CNET: Sprint prepping its own early smartphone upgrade program
The program, called Sprint One Up (S +0.1%), will reportedly launch on Sep. 20. It will allow Sprint subs to obtain a new smartphone for no money down and $27/month.Interestingly, they'll also get a $15/month discount on Sprint's Unlimited voice/text/data plan ($65 instead of $80). Users will be able to trade in their phones after a year. Existing subs who have been on contract for a year or longer will be eligible.In a leaked slide, Sprint asserts a One Up sub will pay $1,192 in total phone and service fees in the first 12 months, $228 less than a subscriber to T-Mobile USA's (TMUS +0.2%) Jump upgrade plan and over $500 less than subscribers to AT&T's (T +0.6%) Next plan or Verizon's (VZ +0.9%) Edge plan; AT&T and Verizon's early upgrade pricing has already been criticized.SoftBank (SFTBF.PK, SFTBY.PK) has promised Sprint will price its services aggressively going forward. Sprint overhauled its service plans shortly after the SoftBank deal closed, but the price cuts offered weren't as steep as some expected. Sep. 16, 2013, 12:17 PM | 1 Comment
A roundup of tech ratings changes
Intel (INTC +2.5%) has been upgraded to Buy by Jefferies in the wake of the Intel Developer Forum and its many product announcements (I, II).Alcatel-Lucent (ALU -0.9%) has been cut to Market Perform by BMO following a huge summer rally.Former JV partners Verizon (VZ +0.8%) and Vodafone (VOD +0.9%) have been upgraded to Overweight by Evercore. Vodafone just won a closely-watched shareholder vote for the Kabel Deutschland deal.Oclaro (OCLR +15.1%) has been upgraded to Buy by B. Riley in response to the II-VI deal.Akamai (AKAM +1.3%) has been upgraded to Buy by Canaccord.Monolithic Power (MPWR -2.2%) has been cut to Hold by Needham. Sep. 13, 2013, 9:48 AM
Pimco, BlackRock buy over a quarter of Verizon's $49B bond sale
Pimco and BlackRock (BLK) reportedly scooped up over 25% of Verizon's (VZ) mammoth $49B bond sale on Wednesday, helping the telecom carrier to raise all the money it wanted to at once rather than in chunks, as it had originally intended.Bill Gross' firm bought $8B in bonds and BlackRock $5B, with the two companies also influential in persuading Verizon to price the debt at an above-market rate.Pimco funds: PCI, PTY, PDI, PHK, BOND, PKO, PCN, PCI, PFN Sep. 13, 2013, 3:45 AM | 3 Comments
Verizon reportedly in Web TV service talks, sells real estate for $274M
The NY Post reports Verizon (VZ +1.5%) has held initial talks with TV network owners about offering a Web-based version of its FiOS TV service that would be delivered over 3rd-party broadband networks.Sources add Verizon isn't sure whether it needs new deals with network owners for the service, and whether it should first focus on marketing TV Everywhere offerings to current FiOS subs.Intel and Sony are already working on creating Web TV services. Pay-TV providers have been less than thrilled, and the same would almost certainly hold for a Verizon offering. Google is also reportedly interested.FiOS is currently available to 18M U.S. households, of which 34.5% had signed up for its TV service by the end of Q2. A Web-based service would let Verizon reach the other ~100M.Meanwhile, Verizon, which now has a little more debt than it used to, is selling 40% of the space in an NYC building at 140 West St. to a residential real estate group for $274M. Verizon will continue using the rest of the building. (PR) Sep. 12, 2013, 1:32 PM
As expected, Verizon bond offering a raging success
Verizon Communications (VZ) received orders for $100B of new bonds from over 1,000 investors as it sold $49B worth of debt in the largest corporate-bond offering in U.S. history.Everyone seems to have emerged happy from this deal. Verizon received a huge chunk of the money it needs - and at relatively low rates - to pay for the $130B acquisition of Vodafone's 45% stake in Verizon Wireless; the banks involved made $265M in fees, with Barclays (BCS), JPMorgan (JPM), Bank of America (BAC) and Morgan Stanley (MS) each earning about $41M; and investors received a higher-yielding debt from a strong U.S. company. Sep. 12, 2013, 2:42 AM
Verizon launches record $49B bond offering
The size of the deal smashes Apple's record of $17B from a few months back.It's an 8-part offering, with $4.25B in 3-year paper launching at a spread of 165 bps all the way to $15B in 30-year bonds launching at +265 bps. Most of the deal is at the longer maturities, suggesting chatter about strong demand was true.Bloomberg reports investor presentations to discuss the Vodafone deal set to take place in Europe over the next 3 days have been postponed.VZ flat premarket. Sep. 11, 2013, 9:01 AM | 1 Comment
AT&T completes $1.9B acquisition of Verizon spectrum
AT&T (T) has completed the purchase of spectrum from Verizon Wireless (VZ) for $1.9B.AT&T will use the spectrum, which covers 42M people in 18 states, for its 4G LTE network. The carrier expects to complete the deployment of the infrastructure by the summer of next year.In addition to money, Verizon also received spectrum in California, Phoenix and Portland. Sep. 11, 2013, 3:17 AM
Verizon bond demand blows away expectations
Verizon Communications (VZ) has reportedly received over $90B worth of orders for bonds that it's selling in order to help pay for the $130B acquisition of Vodafone's 45% stake in Verizon Wireless.Verizon is expected to sell $49B in bonds today, while it will also market a $12B loan.The demand has blow away all expectations - Verizon thought it would sell $20B of paper this week, while underwriters thought it would take a year to sell the $40-50B that the carrier was looking to raise.But investors, starved of decent yields for so long, are clamoring to participate in a deal that provides attractive returns via investment in a solid company.ETFs: LQD, CBND, CORP, FLTR, FLRN, ITR, LWC, SCPB, VCIT, VCLT, VCSH, IGU, IGS, CSJ, QLTA, QLTB, BSCI, BSCJ, BSCK, BSCL, BSCM Sep. 11, 2013, 2:06 AM | 4 Comments
Federal court questions net neutrality rules
In oral arguments for a Verizon (VZ) suit aiming to overturn wireline net neutrality rules, a federal appeals court questioned the legal foundations of the FCC's 2011 mandate on the issue.In particular, the judges suggested ISPs were improperly referred to as "common carriers," a designation originally meant to guarantee equal access to phone networks.However, the judges did suggest the FCC has the ability to prevent ISPs from blocking traffic outright.Verizon and AT&T (T), who have long criticized the FCC's rules, are likely pleased with the way oral arguments went. Major bandwidth consumers such as Netflix, Facebook, and Google/YouTube, some of whom are already making payments to ISPs for direct access to their networks, are likely less enthusiastic.Deep packet inspection (DPI) hardware vendors Allot (ALLT +5.9%) and Procera (PKT +7.1%) stand to benefit from the removal of net neutrality rules, which have curtailed the use of their equipment on U.S. wireline networks (though not mobile networks).Separately, Procera announced this morning it has received a multi-million dollar expansion order from a Tier-1 Western European carrier for its high-end PL20000 DPI systems. (PR) Sep. 10, 2013, 11:37 AM | 1 Comment
Order activity for Verizon bond offering strong
Reuters reports orders for a mammoth Verizon (VZ) bond offering meant to help finance the Vodafone deal have topped $30B. Price guidance is expected later today, and is reportedly "likely to be in line with initial guidance."Verizon is looking to raise ~$50B overall, and is selling 8 tranches of bonds: 3- and 5-year floating-rate tranches, and 3-, 5-, 7-, 10, 20-, and 30-year fixed-rate tranches.Like many other recent investment-grade corporate debt offerings, pricing appears solid: Yields for the fixed-rate notes are said to range from 165bps above comparable Treasurys for the 3-year tranche to 265bps above for the 30-year tranche.Verizon, which is also looking to sell ~$14B in other debt to help pay for Vodafone's Verizon Wireless stake, stands to soon have over $152B in debt on its balance sheet, offset by just $5.7B in cash/investments. Big Red is counting on the cash flow benefit that will come from no longer having to issue huge Verizon Wireless dividend payments to Vodafone to help manage its debt load. Sep. 10, 2013, 9:57 AM | 2 Comments
Verizon, FCC to face off over "net neutrality"
In a case that could have wide repercussions, Verizon Communications (VZ) and the Federal Communications Commission are due to make oral arguments in a U.S. Court of Appeals today over whether the company should be allowed to manage its network as it wishes. On example is charging fees to content providers so that their data is delivered to customers through an express lane.The FCC supports "net neutrality," arguing that Internet service providers should keep the pipes as open as possible so that all suppliers of legal content have an equal ability to send their products over the Web. The FCC fears that charging different rates would disproportionately benefit rich companies and stifle smaller competitors. Sep. 9, 2013, 3:18 AM | 7 Comments
Verizon to start $50B bond offering tomorrow - report
Verizon Communications (VZ) reportedly plans to start marketing a $50B bond sale tomorrow in what would be the largest ever corporate-bond offering. The carrier is raising the money to help pay for the $130B acquisition of Vodafone's 45% holding in Verizon Wireless.Verizon could offer bonds with maturities of up to 100 years, with longer-dated paper expected to represent a bigger-than-usual part of the deal so as not to depress the prices of Verizon's existing shorter-term debt.Some hedge funds are skeptical that the new paper will be attractive enough and plan not to participate in the offering.The sale comes at a difficult time - corporate-bond values have been falling, while Verizon has to compete with other companies that are also raising funds ahead of an expected rise in interest rates. Sep. 8, 2013, 5:18 AM | 9 Comments
Report: Pay TV providers lost video customers in Q2
Cable operators, satellite firms, and telcos lost a total of 366K video subscribers during Q2, according to SNL Kagan.The tally from the firm is consistent with the drop other researchers tabulated and shows an increase in losses from Q1.The trend looks even worse on a penetration basis if the pickup in housing units is factored in.Related stocks: DISH, DTV, CHTR, CVC, TWC, VZ, T, CMCSA. Sep. 3, 2013, 1:09 PM | 6 Comments
Verizon looks to raise $61B bridge loan to help fund $130B deal
Verizon Communications (VZ) has reportedly started syndicating a $61B one-year bridge loan that will support the company's $130B acquisition of 45% of Verizon Wireless from Vodafone.Verizon intends to help pay for the deal with $49B in bonds and $14B in other debt, but might need the bridge loan if it can't issue the bonds by the time the transaction closes, which is expected in Q1 2014. The $63B in funding will replace the bridge loan.JP Morgan (JPM), Morgan Stanley (MS), Bank of America (BAC) and Barclays (BCS) are leading the financing and underwriting the deal.Meanwhile, Verizon has no plans to enter the Canadian market. The carrier had been linked with a couple of struggling wireless start-ups. The news should be positive for Canada's three largest telecom operators - BCE (BCE), Rogers Communications (RCI) and Telus (TU) - whose shares tumbled in response to Verizon's expansion plans in Canada and then climbed on initial reports of the Vodafone deal. Sep. 3, 2013, 4:25 AM | 1 Comment
Verizon Communications Inc. declares $0.53 dividend
Verizon Communications (VZ) declares $0.53/share quarterly dividend, 2.9% increase from prior dividend of $0.515.Forward yield 4.47%Payable Nov. 1; for shareholders of record Oct. 10; ex-div Oct. 8. Sep. 2, 2013, 11:14 PM | 1 Comment
Verizon/Vodafone $130B deal announced, Moody's cuts Verizon's rating
Verizon Communications' (VZ) $130B purchase of Vodafone's (VOD) stake in Verizon Wireless is official.VOD will get $58.9B in cash, $60.2B in VZ stock (which will go to VOD shareholders), and $11B from other transactions.The deal will be immediately accretive to the tune of 10% for VZ. (PR)VOD will return $23.9B of the cash to shareholders and the company says it will "increase the total FY14 dividend per share by 8%." (PR)Moody's cut Verizon's long-term debt rating by one notch to Baa1 following the announcement. Sep. 2, 2013, 1:22 PM | 40 Comments
Vodafone confirms "advanced discussions" with Verizon
Vodafone (VOD) says it is in "advanced discussions" to sell its 45% stake in Verizon Wireless to Verizon Communications (VZ) for $130B in cash and shares.The company will make a further announcement "as soon as practicable," which reports say could be today.The sides were working late into the night to iron out the final details, sources say, including the cash-stock ratio of the deal.The debate about what Vodafone should do with the proceeds of the deal is already well under way: while shareholders are hoping for a healthy windfall, the FT reports that the company is interested in expanding its presence in the wire-line sector in Europe with deals similar to its proposed acquisition of Kabel Deutscheland. Liberty Global (LBTYA) has cropped up in the speculation as a potential target. (PR) Sep. 2, 2013, 3:05 AM | 2 Comments
Verizon, Vodafone reach $130B deal on Verizon Wireless stake: WSJ
Verizon Communications (VZ) and Vodafone (VOD) have reached a deal on VZ's purchase of VOD's 45% stake in Verizon Wireless, WSJ says.As expected, VZ will pay around $130B for the stake, in "roughly equal portions of cash and stock."An official announcement is expected as soon as Monday afternoon.Previous: VZ, VOD boards expected to vote on wireless deal. Sep. 1, 2013, 2:54 PM | 29 Comments
Verizon, Vodafone boards expected to vote on $130B deal
The boards of Verizon Communications (VZ) and Vodafone (VOD) are reportedly expected to vote this weekend on a deal in which the U.S. telecom operator would acquire Vodafone's 45% stake in Verizon Wireless for $130B in what would be the third-largest corporate acquisition of all time. The deal could be announced tomorrow.Verizon would pay for half the purchase with its own stock and $65B of debt. RBC analyst Doug Colandrea believes that Verizon Wireless' $28.6B of free-cash flow would enable Verizon Comm to repay the debt relatively quickly. The company would also sell some European assets back to Vodafone.The transaction will be structured in such a way that Vodafone's tax bill could be limited to $5B. (Previous) Sep. 1, 2013, 1:50 AM | 4 Comments
Canadian carriers rally following Vodafone/Verizon news
Rogers (RCI +2.8%), BCE (BCE +1.9%), and Telus (TU +2.8%) are all posting solid gains after Bloomberg reported Verizon is in advanced talks to buy Vodafone's 45% Verizon Wireless stake for $130B and plans to partly finance the deal by raising $60B in debt, and Vodafone subsequently confirmed it's talking to Big Red.Investors are betting the deal's enormous price tag will make Verizon (VZ +3.4%) hold off on its Canadian expansion plans for now. Verizon already had $49.8B in debt on its balance sheet at the end of Q2, offset only a little by $5.7B in cash/investments.The Globe and Mail recently reported Verizon has decided to hold off on making bids for smaller Canadian carriers until a January spectrum auction concludes.Meanwhile, Nomura believes even a $130B deal for Vodafone's stake would be accretive for Verizon, since it would still only value Verizon Wireless at 8.5x 2013E EBITDA. The firm thinks Verizon would trade at 7x 2014E EBITDA and 2.3x net debt/EBITDA (a ratio deemed "manageable") following a $130B deal half-paid in cash.Judging by today's move in Verizon shares, investors also think the positives outweigh the negatives. Is Verizon getting a good deal on a premium asset - while Verizon's wireline revenue continues to slowly decline, Verizon Wireless is still growing and gaining share - or is Vodafone smartly selling high as U.S. mobile growth slows and competition intensifies? Aug. 29, 2013, 12:01 PM | 5 Comments
Premarket Gainers / Losers
Premarket Gainers: PRCP +31%. UNIS +16%. GES +12%. VOD +9%. SLT +7%. VZ +5%.Losers: RPTP -9%. CIMT -8%. TFM -7%. Aug. 29, 2013, 9:11 AM
Vodafone confirms talks to sell 45% stake in Verizon Wireless
Vodafone (VOD) has confirmed reports that it's in discussions with Verizon Communications (VZ) over the sale of the U.K. carrier's 45% stake in Verizon Wireless to the U.S. company.Other than saying that "there is no certainty that an agreement will be reached," Vodafone provided no further details.Bloomberg reported that the sides are in advanced talks over a $130B deal. (PR)Vodafone shares are +8.1% in London. Aug. 29, 2013, 3:22 AM | 7 Comments
Verizon, Vodafone in advanced talks over $130B deal
Verizon Communications (VZ) is in advanced negotiations to acquire Vodafone's (VOD) 45% stake in Verizon Wireless for $130B, Bloomberg reports, adding that an announcement could come early next week.The speculation goes further than a report in the WSJ, which said that the companies had rekindled their talks but was uncertain about the price involved.Verizon is in discussions with the several banks that would provide it with loans of $60B to help finance the deal.As part of the transaction, Verizon may sell back its 23% stake in Vodafone Italia, possibly worth €4B ($5.3B), to the U.K. company. Aug. 29, 2013, 3:03 AM | 1 Comment
WSJ: Verizon, Vodafone talking again about VZW stake
Sources state Verizon (VZ) and Vodafone (VOD) have "rekindled talks" regarding the former's purchase of the latter's 45% Verizon Wireless stake, and that Verizon has even gone as far as to hold financing talks with banks.Talks cooled off earlier this year due to differences over price. Vodafone reportedly wanted $130B for the stake, and Verizon is believed to have only made an initial offer of $100B.The fact Verizon Wireless continues to perform much better than Vodafone's slumping European ops could be compelling the giant international carrier to hold out for an offer it can't refuse. At the same time, the windfall from a sale (the exact amount would depend on Vodafone's tax bill) would give Vodafone plenty of resources to further expand into faster-growing emerging markets. Aug. 28, 2013, 7:00 PM | 5 Comments
CBS rallies as Moonves vents
Shares of CBS (CBS +4.2%) shoot higher after it signs a carriage deal with Verizon.CEO Les Moonves told his employees earlier today in a memo that the company offered Time Warner Cable almost exactly the same deal without the same result.Moonves on the progress of negotiations: "I cannot describe to you the frustration I feel at the way these negotiations have gone."The timing of the deal and Moonves' far-from-calming rhetoric could help Verizon (VZ -0.3%) in blackout affected markets such as New York, Dallas, and L.A. Aug. 22, 2013, 2:57 PM | 1 Comment
CBS works out carriage deal with Verizon
CBS (CBS) extends a carriage agreement with Verizon (VZ) for another three yearsThe new deal will expand coverage of CBS Sports on Verizon's FiOS bundled service.Terms of the contract weren't disclosed (wouldn't Time Warner Cable love to know?) and a separate contract  covers Showtime Networks and Smithsonian programming. Aug. 22, 2013, 8:57 AM
Regulatory agencies might battle for Internet oversight
Federal Trade Commission member Joshua Wright wants the FTC to be the agency to oversee net neutrality rules instead of the FCC.If the regulatory switcheroo takes place, the FTC could step in and out of battles with Internet providers in a more nimbe fashion than the FCC.Consumer advocacy group prefer the firm hand of the FCC, while many large tech/media concerns (TWC, CMCSA, VZ, T) feel more comfortable with the FTC. Aug. 20, 2013, 12:52 PM
Paper: Verizon delaying Canadian moves
Sources tell The Globe and Mail, which appears to have a good handle on Verizon's (VZ) Canadian expansion plans, Verizon has decided to delay making bids for smaller local carriers Wind (65%-owned by VIP) and Moblicity until a January spectrum auction is finished.The paper adds Verizon "will focus on deciding whether to participate" in the auction. The change of heart that suggests the carrier could be having second thoughts about expanding north, or might simply be trying to drive a harder bargain (either with the carriers or regulators).A previous report claimed Verizon had made a ~$700M offer for Wind, and had held talks with Moblicity.BMO has argued a Canadian acquisition would pay for itself just via roaming fee savings. Incumbent Canadian carriers (BCE, RCI, TU) have been less than thrilled about Verizon's plans, and apparent government support for them. Aug. 15, 2013, 9:18 AM | 1 Comment
Will Time Warner Cable rivals play nice?
BTIG Research thinks Time Warner Cable (TWC) rivals should show solidarity by making it less appealing to switch away from TWC as the company does much of the heavy lifting in the fight against escalating carriage fee costs via its squabble with CBS (CBS). Pulling away sweet promotions from former TWC subscribers is one option floated.Analyst Rich Greenfield suggests the round of "tacit cooperation" (not collusion) from major players would benefit the cable/satellite industry in the long run and potentially consumers.Will Verizon (VZ), Cablevision (CVC), Charter Communications (CHTR), DirecTV (DTV), and Dish Network (DISH) play that game? Aug. 7, 2013, 9:27 AM | 1 Comment
Putting a number to cord-cutting
Pay TV providers as a group reported a loss of 360K subscribers in Q2 compared to a year ago, according to Moffett Research. Though the drop isn't earth-shattering, it does show that cord-cutting isn't a myth.Q2 Pay-TV subscriber growth: Cable (CMCSA, TWC, CVC, CHTR) -3.1%; Satellite (DISH, DTV) +0.2%; TelCo (T, VZ) +16.4%. Aug. 6, 2013, 12:29 PM | 4 Comments
Canadian CEOs, local telcos, object to wireless rule changes
A group representing 150 Canadian CEOs has sent a letter to PM Stephen Harper asking him to reconsider new mobile investment rules they claim would give would-be entrant Verizon (VZ +0.6%) and unfair edge over incumbents BCE (BCE +0.3%), Rogers (RCI +1.1%), and Telus (TU +0.9%).The incumbents have already been aggressively lobbying Ottawa to fix perceived loopholes in telecom policy they claim benefit outside giants, rather than smaller carriers.Verizon, possibly motivated by the potential for huge roaming fee savings, is believed to be eying the purchase of struggling Canadian carriers Wind and Mobilicity, whom the incumbents can't acquire due to spectrum rules.Big Red is also considering taking part in a Jan. '14 spectrum auction; the rule changes would allow it to buy more spectrum than the incumbents. Jul. 29, 2013, 12:01 PM | 1 Comment
Vodafone (VOD +0.3%) would consider any offer for its 45% stake in Verizon Wireless, says Vodafone Chairman Gerard Kleisterlee, although he otherwise has nothing new to announce. Kleisterlee's remarks pretty much reiterate what Vodafone said in May - that it would look at any proposal but that it's happy with the status quo. Verizon Communications (VZ) has long coveted the holding so that it can take its control in Verizon Wireless to 100%.

Jul. 23, 2013, 7:26 AM | 1 Comment
AT&T (T +0.1%) unveils new low-end shared data plans ahead of tomorrow's Q2 report. The carrier is now providing 300MB shared plans (inc. unlimited voice/text) that cost feature phone users $50/month, and smartphone users $70/month. Also, AT&T is offering users a $200 discount on unsubsidized iPhone 5 purchases (normally $650-$850). The moves come 11 days after Sprint (S) revamped its pricing to further undercut AT&T/Verizon, and a few days after Verizon (VZ) announced Q2 results that stoked concerns about tougher competition and market saturation. Slowing U.S. smartphone demand (resulting in both lower subsidy costs and fewer feature phone conversions) also has some investors on edge . (AT&T's Q1) (Next plan)

Jul. 22, 2013, 10:40 AM | 2 Comments
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) officially announces its Edge monthly installment/early upgrade plan (previously mentioned in a leaked slide) in the wake of its Q2 report. Edge does away with service contract requirements (unlike AT&T's (T) Jump), involves 24 monthly installments for smartphone purchases, and only requires users to wait 6 months for an upgrade (AT&T requires 12 months). However, users have to pay off 50% of a phone's price before they can upgrade, and can only join Edge if they sign up for a costly shared data plan. (Verizon's Q2: I, II, III)

Jul. 18, 2013, 10:47 AM
The iPhone (AAPL +0.7%) accounted for 51% of Verizon Wireless' (VZ -2.4%, VOD -0.5%) Q2 smartphone sales. That translates into 3.9M iPhones, above estimates and good for a 44% Y/Y increase (up from Q1's +25%). Verizon also says it isn't interested in Leap Wireless (LEAP -0.2%), and calls its interest in entering Canada an "exploratory exercise." Retail postpaid net adds rose Q/Q, but Y/Y growth fell to 6% from Q1's 35%. Retail churn was 1.23%, -7 bps Q/Q but +12 bps Y/Y. Retail postpaid ARPA rose by $2.23 Q/Q to $152.50. Retail prepaid net adds totaled 97K vs. 43K in Q1 and 290K a year ago. Total wireline revenue -1.6% Y/Y, as business declines offset consumer growth. 2013 capex budget slightly raised to $16.4B-$16.6B from $16.2B. (Verizon Q2: I, II)

Jul. 18, 2013, 9:58 AM | 5 Comments
More on Verizon's (VZ) Q2: Wireless service revenues rise 8.3% Y/Y (total wireless revenues of $20B) while wireless operating income margin comes in at 32.4%. There were 941K retail postpaid net additions (+6% Y/Y) during the period bringing total retail postpaid connections to 94.3M. Wireline consumer revenues climb 4.7% and FiOS revenues jump 14.7% ($2.7B) from the same period last year. Total operating income was up 16% in Q2 and consolidated operating income margin comes in at 22%, up 220 basis points Y/Y. (PR)

Jul. 18, 2013, 7:51 AM
Verizon (VZ): Q2 EPS of $0.73 beats by $0.01. Revenue of $29.79B misses by $0.04B. (PR) Jul. 18, 2013, 7:33 AM | 2 Comments
Notable earnings before Thursday’s open: AN, APH, BAX, BBT, BLK, BPOP, BX, CHKP, CY , CYS, DGX, DHR, DOV, ERIC, FCS,FITB, GPC, HBAN, HLSS, JCI, KEY, MS, NOK , NUE, OMC, ORB, PM, PPG, SAP, SHW, SNA, SON, SVU, SWY, TSM, TZOO, UNH , UNP, VZ

Jul. 18, 2013, 12:05 AM
Notable earnings before Thursday’s open: AN,APH, BAX, BBT, BLK, BPOP, BX, CHKP, CY , CYS, DGX, DHR, DOV, ERIC, FCS,FITB, GPC, HBAN, HLSS, JCI, KEY, MS, NOK , NUE, OMC, ORB, PM, PPG, SAP,SHW, SNA, SON, SVU, SWY, TSM, TZOO, UNH , UNP, VZ

Jul. 17, 2013, 5:30 PM
AT&T (T) responds to T-Mobile USA's (TMUS) Jump smartphone upgrade plan by launching its own monthly installment/early upgrade offering, and Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) might not be far behind. AT&T Next lets users pay for devices via 20 monthly installments, and with no activation/upgrade fees. Unlike Jump ($10/month, no contract, 2 upgrades/year) there's no additional monthly fee, but there is a service contract requirement, and a 12-month wait between upgrades. Meanwhile, a leaked Verizon slide suggests the carrier is about to launch VZ Edge, a plan that combines installments with the option to upgrade after a device is 50% paid off.

Jul. 16, 2013, 12:38 AM | 1 Comment
Sprint (S) overhauls its prices and provides lifetime unlimited voice/data guarantees just a day after the SoftBank (SFTBF.PK) merger closed. The carrier is offering smartphone users unlimited voice/text/data for $80/month for the first line on an account, with the price gradually dropping for lines 2-4. A $110/month plan that throws in 5GB of hotspot usage is also being rolled out. SoftBank CEO Masayoshi Son has made it clear Sprint will compete aggressively on price against AT&T (T) and Verizon (VZ), who have been trying to migrate subs to costly shared data plans. Sprint's announcement shortly follows the launch of T-Mobile's (TMUS) Jump smartphone upgrade plan.

Jul. 11, 2013, 4:18 PM
A French court gives telecom regulator ARCEP the go-ahead to investigate AT&T (T) and Verizon's (VZ) interconnection deals with fellow carriers. ARCEP is interested in AT&T/Verizon's possible violation of net neutrality principles by charging carriers for heavy traffic loads (often stemming from video services such as Netflix and YouTube). Interestingly, ARCEP has the green light to probe AT&T/Verizon's non-EU activities as part of its efforts, to the extent they affect French Web users. The ruling comes amidst a dispute between Verizon and U.S. carrier Cogent over Netflix traffic, and EU raids on the offices of European carriers regarding possible interconnection abuses. (also) Jul. 11, 2013, 2:19 PM
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) is obligated to buy a whopping $23.5B worth of iPhones from Apple (AAPL) this year, about twice as many as it sold in 2012, thinks former Bernstein analyst Craig Moffett after going over SEC filings (Vodafone's 20-F appears to be the source). Moffett estimates Verizon, which he believes has fallen short of its iPhone purchase commitments each year since it began selling the phone in 2011, could end up owing Apple $12B-$14B at year's end, given sales trends. Moffett: "It isn’t clear that Apple has any incentive to blow up [its Verizon] relationship by taking a hard line ... Still, it is likely that Apple would be reluctant to simply ignore these commitments." (Sprint)

Jul. 11, 2013, 12:30 PM | 43 Comments
T-Mobile USA (TMUS +1%) will unveil an unlimited phone upgrade program called Jump at a 2:30 PM ET event today, The Verge reports. The program, discussed in a CNET report earlier this year, would allow subs to pay the same price for a new phone as new customers, possibly in exchange for trading in their existing phones and paying a small monthly fee. T-Mobile eliminated traditional phone subsidies (and related contract requirements) earlier this year, but does offer installment plans for the iPhone and other high-end smartphones. The report comes at a time when AT&T (T) and Verizon (VZ) are starting to require subs wait a full 24 months to receive a fresh subsidy.

Jul. 10, 2013, 12:37 PM
AT&T (T) has updated its privacy policy to give it the right to sell anonymous data about its users' locations and browsing/app activity to third parties. Potential buyers include marketers, retailers, research firms, and government agencies. Though privacy advocates can't be thrilled, Ma Bell and other U.S. carriers see a multi-billion-dollar opportunity enabled by the mobile data boom and the development of more powerful big data/analytics platforms. Verizon (VZ) launched its Precision Market Insights division last October to address the opportunity.

Jul. 5, 2013, 4:18 PM | 5 Comments
Verizon's (VZ) rumored plan to expand into Canada could pay for itself just via roaming fee savings, thinks BMO's Kevin Manning. Manning estimates Verizon paid $300M-$350M in 2012 roaming fees, a range equal to 1/6 to 1/7 of the $2B he thinks Big Red would have to spend to become a Canadian mobile player. He sees the savings adding $0.06-$0.10 to EPS. Meanwhile, Macquarie thinks both Verizon and AT&T (T) are looking to make acquisitions before interest rates rise (presumably thanks to Ben Bernanke's plan to wind down QE). "Everyone is talking to everyone and nothing is off the table." (Verizon/Vodafone) (AT&T/Europe)

Jul. 3, 2013, 2:00 PM | 1 Comment
Verizon Wireless (VZ) has been accused of collecting $240M from customers in false cellular data charges, well above the $53M it agreed to refund in a settlement back in 2010. The deal came after thousands of customers complained about mysterious $1.99 tariffs that appeared on their bills. Now, telecom lawyer Arthur Belendiuk has filed a petition for investigation with the FCC after looking at documents he obtained under a Freedom of Information request, saying Verizon understated the amount it took. Jul. 3, 2013, 7:15 AM | 1 Comment
Verizon Wireless' (VZ, VOD) 4G LTE rollout is "substantially complete," the carrier declares after covering its 500th market. Big Red says its LTE network now covers 298M people (95% of the U.S. population), which puts it soundly ahead of the 250M and 200M AT&T (T) and Sprint (S) respectively expect to cover by year's end. Verizon now plans to focus its LTE investments on adding capacity, much of it in the higher-frequency AWS band (better for urban areas), and adding new features such as voice-over-LTE support (due in 2014). The carrier adds it "will lead" in deploying the next-gen LTE-Advanced standard, but hasn't set a timeline.

Jun. 27, 2013, 11:09 AM | 4 Comments
Verizon (VZ) has made an initial offer of ~$700M for Canadian mobile carrier Wind Mobile, The Globe and Mail reports. The paper adds Verizon has also recently talked with Moblicity, another second-tier Canadian carrier, and is thinking about taking part in upcoming spectrum auctions. Analysts think the total cost of entering the Canadian will amount to $1B-$2B. CFO Fran Shammo recently admitted Big Red is thinking of entering Canada, but added regulatory issues could get in the way. VimpelCom (VIP) owns 65% of Wind; founder Anthony Lacavera owns 35%, and recently said he wants to buy VimpelCom's stake. (previous)

Jun. 26, 2013, 9:25 AM | 2 Comments
In spite of Amazon Prime's (AMZN) content-licensing binge, Netflix (NFLX) still offers a much wider selection of the most popular TV shows, says Piper. The firm estimates Netflix offers 33% of the top 75 TV shows from the last 4 years, and Amazon just 7%. Hulu Plus offers an even larger portion (44%), but they come with ads. The gap isn't so great for recent movies: Piper estimates Netflix offers 14% of the top 50 movies from the last 3 years, and Amazon 11%. Movie-only Redbox Instant (CSTR, VZ) is said to offer 10%, and Hulu Plus none of them. (NPD market share data)

Jun. 25, 2013, 6:46 PM | 14 Comments
Should Verizon (VZ) enter the Canadian market (previous), investors in Canadian wireless providers can expect a hit of up to 18% in stock prices, according to Desjardins analyst Maher Yaghi. Yaghi thinks that BCE stock could decline by 10%, Telus (TU) by 17% and Rogers Communications (RCI) by 18%, if as he expects Verizon gained 15% Canadian market share.

Jun. 24, 2013, 9:58 PM | 7 Comments
Goldman assembles a list of 25 dividend favorites with unusually high volatility - meaning put sellers are getting a hefty premium for agreeing to buy the stock at a lower price. Make sure you want the stock first. The strategy works well sometimes and is the proverbial catching a falling knife at others. PFE, BLK, SE, PCL, CL, AEP, SPG, PG, KMI, AVB, CLX, CTL, TWC, LO, T, PM, TWX, NSC, DUK, VZ, WHR, WY, NEE, XOM, SCCO.

Jun. 24, 2013, 3:10 PM | 18 Comments
Verizon (VZ) broadband subs are complaining about receiving low-quality Netflix (NFLX) streams, and the culprit appears to be Verizon's unwillingness to upgrade its network to handle more Netflix traffic from fellow carrier and Netflix bandwidth supplier Cogent (CCOI). The dispute drives home the thorny relationships Netflix, which now makes up ~1/3 of U.S. Web traffic during peak hours, has with many ISPs, in spite of its efforts to relieve congestion via its Open Connect CDN (some ISPs are on board, some aren't). In Verizon's case, the carrier's efforts to compete with Netflix via its Redbox Instant JV could also be a factor.

Jun. 19, 2013, 2:31 PM | 3 Comments
Verizon (VZ) is interested in acquiring Canadian peer Wind Mobile, the U.S company has said. Verizon has reportedly held talks for Wind, which is a relatively new entry into the Canadian market and is struggling. VimpelCom (VIP), Wind's largest owner, wants around $500M, although Verizon may then have to pump in another $1-2B for spectrum purchases, network upgrades and consolidation costs. RBC analyst Drew McReynolds is not sure the deal makes sense.

Jun. 19, 2013, 4:34 AM | 7 Comments
Sprint (S -1.6%) adds 22 markets to its 4G LTE network, including Miami, New Orleans, and Tampa, increasing the network's total reach to 110 markets. The carrier expects the network to cover 200M people; AT&T (T) is looking to cover 250M by year's end, and Verizon (VZ), which already covers 90% of the U.S. population (~280M people), has said it will finish its LTE buildout by mid-2013, after which it will turn its attention to improving capacity.

Jun. 17, 2013, 4:03 PM
Verizon (VZ) wants to enter the Canadian mobile market, and has "held exploratory talks" with minor local carrier Wind, The Globe and Mail reports. The Canadian government, fresh off relaxing foreign investment limits, is said to view Verizon "as the most likely foreign option" for bolstering competition in a market dominated by Telus (TU), Rogers (RCI), and Bell (BCE); ideally, Verizon would buy a small local carrier, then take part in upcoming spectrum auctions. Russia's VimpelCom (VIP), the biggest investor in Wind, wants to sell its stake for $500M+. Telus' efforts to buy another small rival, Moblicity, were recently blocked by Ottawa. Jun. 17, 2013, 9:33 AM
Pres. Obama gives his support to a plan to allow large chunks of government-owned spectrum good for mobile (1700 and 1800 MHz. bands) and Wi-Fi (5 GHz. bands) use to be shared by federal agencies and U.S. carriers. The feds would get priority, but carriers could use the spectrum at other times. The NTIA has been given 6 months to come up with tests to guarantee feasibility. Comcast (CMCSA), which is hungry for more Wi-Fi spectrum, is applauding the move, but mobile carriers (VZ, T, S) haven't been crazy about the idea, arguing the logistics will be tough. Could they also be worried about the spectrum enabling competition? (fact sheet - .pdf)

Jun. 14, 2013, 1:49 PM | 2 Comments
T-Mobile USA (DTEGF.PK) and Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) are reportedly not part of the NSA's program to collect metadata about the phone calls on their networks, partly due to their ownership ties to foreign companies. However, it's likely that the NSA is still able to scoop up the metadata, as the the calls eventually travel on infrastructure operated by U.S. companies that do work with the NSA.

Jun. 14, 2013, 6:15 AM | 4 Comments
Calendar Q2 iPhone (AAPL +0.6%) sales are trending towards ~30M (above a ~27M consensus), says Jefferies' Peter Misek in an info-packed note. Misek also: 1) Believes Apple has set aggressive Q3 and Q4 iPhone build plans, with nearly half the Q4 builds involving a cheaper iPhone. 2) States the iPad Mini is "cannibalizing more than expected," and expects the current model to be kept and discounted after a retina model launches. 3) Expects the 5th-gen iPad to be ~50% lighter and 30%-40% thinner. 4) Thinks AT&T (T) and Verizon (VZ) are talking with Chinese white-box OEMs about selling carrier-branded phones, in an effort to cut subsidy costs. 5) Believes consumer BlackBerry Z10 (BBRY +0.5%) sales have slowed, but that Q10 sales are better than expected.

Jun. 7, 2013, 2:01 PM | 43 Comments
More on NSA tracking: the agency reportedly monitors call data from AT&T (T) and Sprint (S), as well as from Verizon (VZ) (as reported yesterday). Together, the service providers have 314.6M wirelesss and landline accounts. The NSA's operations also encompass purchase information from unnamed credit-card providers.

Jun. 7, 2013, 3:48 AM | 17 Comments
Verizon (VZ) -1.2% AH after AT&T forecasts 500K wireless postpaid net adds for Q2, along with a flat wireless EBITDA margin on a Q/Q basis. Shares had risen 3.5% in regular trading, shrugging off the firestorm created by news of the NSA's call-tracking activity. Jun. 6, 2013, 6:43 PM | 2 Comments
Redbox Instant (CSTR, VZ) will be available soon to Roku users as the companies look to expand access to their streaming service. It's the second major deal of the week in the streaming space appearing like it could put some pressure on Netflix (NFLX -3.4%) and Hulu after Amazon landed a plush content arrangement with Viacom earlier.

Jun. 6, 2013, 2:47 PM | 4 Comments
Unanswered questions about the NFL's deal with Verizon: 1) Are CBS (CBS -0.9%) and Fox (NWS -0.8%) getting a free ride out of the arrangement between the NFL and Verizon which will see games steamed live on mobile phones or will it cut into the benefits of their own deal to stream games on devices other than TVs and smartphones? 2) If the deal allows games to be viewed on phones, but not tablets, where will the line be drawn as the two wireless products increasingly resemble each other? 3) Will Verizon (VZ +2.3%) recoup its investment over the long-term as new subscribers stay on board or will the fees subscribers pay for access to the NFL cover the cost? 4) Is DirecTV (DTV +0.2%) the odd man out as its NFL Sunday Ticket package begins to look outdated?

Jun. 6, 2013, 1:32 PM | 1 Comment
Verizon Communications (VZ) declares $0.515/share quarterly dividend, in line with previous. Forward yield 4.19 %. For shareholders of record July 10. Payable August 1.Ex-div date July 8 (PR) Jun. 6, 2013, 12:40 PM | 1 Comment
The Guardian of London has posted a copy of a "top secret" court order instructing Verizon (VZ) to provide the U.S. National Security Agency (NSA) with records of all calls made within the U.S. or originating in the U.S., through July 19, 2013. The accompanying article says the order went into effect on April 25 affecting millions of Verizon customers. In the exclusive article, the Guardian says that it is likely, though unknown, that other U.S. carriers are also affected.

Jun. 5, 2013, 11:05 PM | 20 Comments
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) is apparently doubling down on its pro football bet. The WSJ reports Big Red and the NFL have reached a 4-year, $1B extension to their current deal that will result in every NFL game being available on Verizon smartphones via the carrier's NFL Mobile service, including home market and playoff games. The current 4-year, $720M deal only provides access to a subset of games. No details on tablet support - for now, NFL Mobile only provides tablet live video access to Verizon FiOS and Cablevision subs. For non-Verizon subs, there's always the Slingbox.

Jun. 4, 2013, 10:44 AM | 2 Comments
BMO launches coverage on U.S. carriers with a bullish slant: Verizon (VZ), Sprint (S), CenturyLink (CTL), and Frontier (FTR) have all been started at Outperform. AT&T (T) has been started at Market Perform, and Leap Wireless (LEAP), which has quite a few critics on both the sell-side and (judging by its huge short interest) the buy-side, has been started at Underperform. (yesterday's drop)

May 30, 2013, 9:26 AM
While service providers have been worrying about households ending their cable TV subscriptions, a bigger trend has been customers dropping wire-line Internet. With consumers being able to take advantage of faster cellular networks and the proliferation of WiFi, 1% of households ended their Internet subscription last year vs 0.4% for pay-TV.

May 30, 2013, 3:26 AM
U.S. telcos are having a rough day. A general selloff in high-yield stocks could be a factor, but not all of the decliners pay huge dividends (if any). VZ -2.9%. WIN -2.7%. CTL -2.4%. CBB -2.5%. CBEY -4.7%. TWTC -2.1%. TDS -2.6%. SHEN -7.4%. Volatile Latin American carrier NII Holdings (NIHD -7.2%) is also selling off. May 29, 2013, 1:28 PM | 5 Comments
Stocks tumble to session lows in late-morning trade, the DJIA (DIA -1%) off 168 points. Gravity continues to take hold of the previously-leading defensive sectors as their dividends are starting to face competition from Treasurys - Healthcare (XLV -1.7%), Utilities (XLU -1.9%), Consumer staples (XLP -1.8%). Residing in tech, but favored for its high dividend, Verizon (VZ -2.9%) is off about 5% from its gap open yesterday.

May 29, 2013, 11:15 AM | 3 Comments
Limelight (LLNW +6.3%) "is in talks to try and sell the company to Verizon (VZ) and is desperate to make a deal," Dan Rayburn reports hearing from "multiple attendees from Wall Street" at a conference he hosted. With Limelight burning cash and facing tough competition from Akamai (AKAM) and Level 3 (LVLT), there's logic to exploring a sale. Rayburn points out Limelight's management changes and Verizon's interest in growing its CDN business could lead to a deal. However, he adds Limelight has been seeing employee defections, and has heard Limelight customers criticize the "poor performance" of its CDN. Private XO Communications is also said to be talking with Limelight.

May 28, 2013, 12:00 PM | 2 Comments
Vodafone (VOD +0.3%) views its Verizon Wireless stake as a more attractive long-term asset than its slumping European ops, and is thus loath to sell it, argues Bernstein's Robin Bienenstock in the wake of the carrier's FQ4 report (included major Y/Y drops in Italian/Spanish revenue). Bienenstock, no stranger to throwing cold water on deal expectations, also thinks Vodafone's remarks about keeping its new $3.15B VZW distribution are a sign Verizon (VZ -1.3%) won't be issuing fresh distributions in the near-term; recent comments from Verizon's CFO also back this up. May 21, 2013, 2:31 PM | 11 Comments
Vodafone (VOD): FQ4 organic service revenue -4.2% (in line, but worst quarterly drop on record): -12.8% in Italy and -11.5% in Spain. Impairment charge of £1.8B in Italy, bringing total impairments for Spain and Italy to £7.7B for the full year during which sales were down 4.2%, to £44.4B and core earnings were off 3.1% to £13.3B. Adjusted operating profit beats, rising 9.3% to £12B. The company said it will keep its 45% share of Verizon's (VZ) dividend payment to shore up operations. May 21, 2013, 4:34 AM | 4 Comments
The deal may be far from done, but that hasn't stopped analysts from spending (in their heads anyway) the theoretical $100B+ cash hoard Vodaphone (VOD) would be sitting on in the event Verizon (VZ) buys out VOD's 45% Verizon Wireless stake. "What they should do is a dramatic rethink of the business," a Bernstein analyst tells Bloomberg. One possibility: acquisitions, such as Kabel Deutschland Holding and/or Liberty Global, KBC asset management says. Even if the company returned half of the cash from a potential deal to shareholders, it would still be left with $62B, including what it currently has on its books. May 20, 2013, 5:38 AM | 3 Comments
32% of Q1 U.S. smartphone sales involved prepaid phones, up from 21% a year ago, says NPD. That trend could spell trouble for AT&T (T) and Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD), whose recent growth has been heavily tied to selling costly postpaid data plans. With 72% and 61% of the carriers' postpaid bases now respectively on smartphones, they face pressure to gain prepaid buyers without cannibalizing postpaid subs. Cannibalization fears have led AT&T and Verizon to make their prepaid plans 3G-only; Sprint (S) and T-Mobile (TMUS) offer 4G. A mix shift towards unsubsidized prepaid phones could also be a challenge for Apple (AAPL), estimated to have just 8% of the Q1 U.S. prepaid smartphone market (though that's up 4x Y/Y). May 18, 2013, 6:23 PM | 16 Comments
Leap Wireless (LEAP) -2.5% after Barclays starts coverage with an Underweight and $4 PT as part of a broader coverage launch of U.S. telecom service providers. Tower owners SBA (SBAC) and American Tower (AMT) have been started at Overweight, and so has Verizon (VZ). AT&T (T) and T-Mobile USA (TMUS) have been started at Equal Weight.

May 17, 2013, 9:10 AM
Verizon Wireless distributions will be "more lean" going forward than they have been thus far as the carrier pays down debt and bids in upcoming spectrum auctions, says Verizon (VZ) CFO Frank Shammo in the wake of a $7B payout. The comments suggest Verizon might still use the distributions as a bargaining chip (previous) to get Vodafone (VOD) to sell its stake. Shammo also states 1/3 of Big Red's postpaid subs are now on its costly shared data plans; that's up from 13% last November. (earlier)

May 14, 2013, 6:07 PM | 3 Comments
Verizon's (VZ +0.8%) decision to let Verizon Wireless make a $7B distribution, rather than play hardball with Vodafone (VOD +0.3%), "smacks of stalemate" in Verizon's efforts to buy Vodafone's 45% stake, writes Bernstein's Robin Bienenstock. "In effect, Verizon is betting that Vodafone will be under more pressure to sell at a lower price next year because of Vodafone's own poor operational trends." Past reports suggest the gap between Verizon's initial bid and Vodafone's initial asking price could be $30B.  (previous)

May 14, 2013, 2:24 PM | 3 Comments
Verizon Wireless is making a fresh $7B cash distribution to owners Verizon (VZ) and Vodafone (VOD) - Verizon will get $3.85B, and Vodafone $3.15B. A $10B distribution was made in 2011, and an $8.5B distribution last November. CEO Lowell McAdam appeared to be hinting earlier this month Vodafone might not get a distribution this year, as Verizon Wireless focuses on paying down debt. VOD +0.5% AH. VZ +0.3%. May 13, 2013, 4:53 PM | 5 Comments
AT&T (T) and Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) might finally realize their dream of charging consumers and content providers for mobile data traffic: a WSJ report states ESPN has held talks with "at least one major carrier" about subsidizing access to its content, perhaps by guaranteeing it doesn't count towards monthly caps. If such deals ever became widespread, media providers such as YouTube, Netflix, and Pandora would probably be the biggest payers. But ESPN isn't yet sure of the economics, and (though net neutrality rules only apply to wireline) there could be a regulatory backlash.

May 10, 2013, 11:49 AM | 4 Comments
Some big Verizon (VZ -0.8%) shareholders seem comfortable with the carrier paying $120B-$130B to acquire Vodafone's (VOD -0.4%) 45% stake in Verizon Wireless. "No way do I dream that $100 billion is going to get this deal done," says Craig Leopold, whose firm (Columbia Management) owns 22M Verizon shares. He estimates even a $130B deal would lift Verizon's 2014 EPS by 15%. One big challenge: Verizon already has $52.9B in debt on its balance sheet, offset by just $9.5B in cash/investments. Even a 50/50 cash-stock deal for the stake would lead total debt to soar above $100B. (previous)

May 6, 2013, 12:58 PM | 5 Comments
AT&T (T -0.5%) is set to launch new prepaid plans on June 15 under a brand called All in One, Fierce Wireless reports. The services will reportedly include a $35/month feature phone plan and a $50/month smartphone plan, with each supporting unlimited voice and text to go with a data bucket. The report comes a week after AT&T reported a Q1 net loss of 184K prepaid subs, a number that contrasts unfavorably with Verizon's (VZ) 43K net gain. Verizon recently launched a $35/month prepaid plan for feature phones, and $60-$70/month prepaid plans for smartphones.

May 3, 2013, 2:05 PM | 5 Comments
Vodafone (VOD) might not be getting a Verizon Wireless cash distribution this year, Verizon (VZ) CEO Lowell McAdam hints in comments seen as an effort to further pressure Vodafone into selling its Verizon Wireless stake. At a meeting hosted by JPMorgan analyst Philip Cusick, McAdam said the top priority for Verizon Wireless' considerable cash flow will be to pay down $5B in debt due by mid-2014, rather than fresh distributions. Verizon Wireless has paid out $18.5B in two distributions over the last two years, $8.3B of which has gone to Vodafone. (previous)

May 2, 2013, 9:59 PM | 5 Comments
Pres. Obama is expected to nominate Tom Wheeler, a former CEO for both the cable and mobile phone industry's top trade groups (the NCTA and CTIA), to be the next head of the FCC, the WSJ reports. Given Wheeler's background and the fact he supported the AT&T/T-Mobile merger (shot down in part by the outgoing Julius Genachowski), albeit on grounds it would give the FCC a chance to impose new regulations, AT&T (T) and Verizon (VZ) might be happier with this report than Sprint (S) and MetroPCS (PCS). If Wheeler gets the job, he'll arrive ahead of a major spectrum auction whose rules are still being hotly debated.

Apr. 30, 2013, 5:31 PM | 2 Comments
Vodafone (VOD) is "sitting with a rather ugly set of assets once you lose the Verizon Wireless stake," a UK fund manager tells Reuters, explaining why six big VOD stockholders who control ~1.3B shares between them would likely prefer a merger with Verizon (VZ) rather than sell the stake for what they consider to be a paltry $100B. These and other shareholders are ultimately concerned that VOD's "exposure to troubled European markets" will take center stage once the Verizon stake is gone.

Apr. 29, 2013, 6:01 AM | 3 Comments
Vodafone (VOD) wants $130B from Verizon (VZ) for its 45% stake in Verizon Wireless, the WSJ reports. The paper notes Verizon, which has reportedly been eying an initial bid of $100B, seems to be using a PR campaign - promising Verizon can finance the deal, insisting Vodafone's tax bill will be small, etc. - to bring a reluctant Vodafone to the negotiating table. Sources claim no formal offer has been made by Verizon yet. (Jefferies)

Apr. 26, 2013, 7:47 AM | 12 Comments
If Verizon (VZ +2.2%) is serious about buying Vodafone's (VOD +2.8%) Verizon Wireless stake, $100B isn't going to cut it, thinks Jefferies. The firm values the stake at $121B based on a 7.7x estimated EV/EBITDA multiple for the March 2014 fiscal year, and notes a Sunday Times article discussed a possible valuation of $135B (others have suggested $115B). There's also the question of how keen Vodafone is on selling when its stake has been appreciating considerably, and is now yielding giant cash distributions. On the flip side, a sale could fuel a massive M&A-driven expansion into growth markets. (Reuters report)

Apr. 25, 2013, 12:36 PM | 7 Comments
Verizon Communications (VZ) has reportedly hired bank and legal advisers ahead of a possible $100B cash and stock bid to buy Vodafone's (VOD +1.3% in London) 45% stake in Verizon Wireless. Verizon Com, which reckons it can raise $50B from banks to help fund the deal, will structure its offer so that Vodafone's tax bill would be $5B rather than a possible $20B. Apr. 25, 2013, 3:26 AM | 11 Comments
AT&T (T -5.4%) gets slammed as 3 downgrades arrive in response to its Q1 revenue miss, the result of soft wireless subscriber adds and declining wireline revenue. There might also be concerns about whether lowering 2014/2015 capex targets (to fuel more buybacks?) is a bright idea in light of flagging growth. AT&T's 296K Q1 postpaid net adds (boosted by tablets) and 184K prepaid net losses are easily worse than Verizon's respective net adds of 677K and 43K. On the earnings call, AT&T mostly blamed wireline weakness on macro and government issues, rather than legacy voice service declines. VZ -1.9%. CTL -4%. WIN -2.2%. FTR -1.1%.

Apr. 24, 2013, 10:44 AM | 7 Comments
More on Verizon: Verizon Wireless' performance is taking center stage as shares rally. Service revenue rose 8.6% Y/Y, while equipment sales fell 1.4% (evidence of Verizon's efforts to lower subsidies). Retail postpaid net adds rose by 677K, and total retail net adds by 720K. Wireless operating income margin rose 430 bps Y/Y to 32.9%. Retail postpaid churn rose 6 bps Q/Q and 5 bps Y/Y to 1.01%. Vodafone (VOD +2.2%) is rallying in response to VZW's numbers, and CC comments about Verizon being "extremely confident" it can buy Vodafone's stake without taking a tax hit. Apr. 18, 2013, 10:56 AM | 2 Comments
Verizon's (VZ +3.4%) 4M iPhone activations represented a 25% Y/Y increase, and 56% of total smartphone activations. For the second quarter in a row, the iPhone 5 made up about half of activations. But in spite of Verizon's numbers and a bullish JPMorgan note, Apple (AAPL -1.7%) has fallen below $400. With a major divergence having opened up between the iPhone's U.S. and international performance, the Street may have begun discounting the implications of Verizon/AT&T/Sprint sales for global results.

Apr. 18, 2013, 10:33 AM | 25 Comments
More on Verizon's (VZ) Q1: Wireless revenue was up 6.8% Y/Y to $19.5B with both retail and service sales strong. The company says it had 98.9M retail connections, up 6.4% from a year ago. A mark of 4M iPhone activations topped estimates. On the wireline side, Verizon reports 188K FiOS Internet and 169K FiOS Video net additions as FiOS revenue rose 15.1% to $2.6B. VZ +1.9% premarket. (PR)

Apr. 18, 2013, 7:56 AM | 2 Comments
Verizon (VZ): Q1 EPS of $0.68 beats by $0.02. Revenue of $29.4B (+4.2% Y/Y) misses by $0.16B. (PR) Apr. 18, 2013, 7:31 AM | 2 Comments
Notable earnings before Thursday’s open: ADS, AN, APH, BAX, BBT, BPOP, BTU, BX, CY, DHR, FCS, FCX, FITB, KEY, LDK, MMR, MS, NOK, NUE, OMC, PBCT, PENN, PEP, PM, PPG, SHW, SNA, SON, TSM, TZOO, UNH, UNP, VZ

Apr. 18, 2013, 12:05 AM
Notable earnings before Thursday’s open: ADS, AN, APH, BAX, BBT, BPOP, BTU, BX, CY, DHR, FCS, FCX, FITB, KEY, LDK, MMR, MS, NOK, NUE, OMC, PBCT, PENN, PEP, PM, PPG, SHW, SNA, SON, TSM, TZOO, UNH, UNP, VZ

Apr. 17, 2013, 5:30 PM
If Dish (DISH -2.3%) fails to buy Sprint (S +13.8%), it will have "few other attractive options" in mobile, points out TownHall Research: it thinks Dish's mobile efforts could be delayed by a over a year if Sprint turns it down. FBR notes Sprint, Dish, and Clearwire (CLWR -3.2%) have a combined $45B in debt, and predicts a higher bid from SoftBank (SFTBF.PK), whose scale and ability to reposition Sprint remain selling points. With Charlie Ergen saying Dish wants to differentiate its offerings via integrated services rather than pricing, rivals (T, VZ, PCS) are likely hoping Dish beats out SoftBank, which many believe plans to launch a price war. (more)

Apr. 15, 2013, 5:00 PM | 4 Comments
AT&T (T) might be getting Samsung's (SSNLF.PK) Galaxy S IV a month before Verizon (VZ): a Staples training sheet leaked to Engadget indicates an April 26 launch date for Samsung's new flagship device for AT&T, a May 1 launch date for T-Mobile USA, and a May 30 launch date for Verizon. AT&T will start taking pre-orders for the S IV tomorrow; from all indications, international pre-order activity has been quite strong. (previous)

Apr. 15, 2013, 10:52 AM
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) was the company that offered $1B-$1.5B for some of Clearwire's (CLWR -2.8%) spectrum, the WSJ reports. Meanwhile, Dish (DISH -6.4%) says it hasn't formally withdrawn its $3.30/share offer for Clearwire, but would honor Sprint's (S +14.9%) $2.97/share offer. Naturally, Dish touts the potential of a Sprint merger to enable triple/quad-play bundles - a recent Consumer Reports survey drove highlighted their popularity. CEO Charlie Ergen also talks up the implications of soaring mobile data usage, and compares Dish's strategy to a Seinfeld episode where everything comes together in the last 2 minutes.

Apr. 15, 2013, 10:22 AM | 2 Comments
Upcoming FCC spectrum auctions should be structured to guarantee smaller nationwide carriers - no doubt T-Mobile (DTEGY.PK) and Sprint (S) - are able to purchase a fair share, so as to "improve the competitive dynamic among nationwide carriers and benefit consumers," the DOJ argues in a public filing. Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) and AT&T (T), who are already complaining the auctions (arriving in 2014 or later) will cap how much spectrum they can acquire, can't be happy to hear that. Apr. 12, 2013, 2:47 PM | 2 Comments
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) makes a fresh attempt to lower phone subsidy expenses: the top U.S. carrier will soon require customers to wait a full 24 months from the time a contract begins to receive a subsidy for a new phone. Thus far, Verizon has been allowing some subscribers to receive a subsidy after 20 months. The announcement comes a year after Verizon implemented a $30 phone upgrade fee, and a month after CFO Fran Shammo stated Verizon wants to sell 4G-only devices by late 2014 in an effort to lower hardware costs. Apr. 12, 2013, 2:05 PM | 1 Comment
"Google Fiber's Next Stop: Austin, Texas." Thus temporarily read a page on the Google Fiber site, before getting removed. Meanwhile, "multiple City of Austin sources" tell local ABC affiliate KVUE Google's (GOOG) Tuesday event will indeed be about a Fiber launch. It's safe to assume local ISPs Verizon and Time Warner Cable aren't pleased. Apr. 6, 2013, 1:10 PM | 14 Comments
Bernstein takes Verizon's (VZ -1%) statement about not currently having any intention to acquire/merge with Vodafone (VOD -4.5%) as a sign Verizon's overtures have been rebuffed. "We view Vodafone as a (very) reluctant seller." Nonetheless, an unnamed top-15 Vodafone shareholder tells Reuters "there has been a subtle change of tone from Vodafone management" over the last 6 months regarding a sale of the Verizon Wireless stake. "They are in a place psychologically where they are prepared to sell it." (previous) Apr. 3, 2013, 4:26 PM | 6 Comments
Verizon (VZ) doesn't "currently have any intention to merge with or make an offer for Vodafone (VOD), whether alone or in conjunction with others," the telco announces, addressing an FT report about a possible joint bid with AT&T (T). Verizon does reiterate it "would be a willing purchaser" of Vodafone's 45% stake in Verizon Wireless, but that's pretty well-known. VOD -3.9% AH. VZ -0.8%. T -0.3%.

Apr. 2, 2013, 5:30 PM | 5 Comments
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) has purchased Frontier (FTR) and Rio Virgin Telephone's ownership stakes in Mohave Wireless, a rural 3G carrier operating in Arizona. Verizon, whose 4G LTE network covers nearly 89% of the U.S. population, says it will upgrade Mohave's network to 4G, now that it fully owns the carrier. Terms of the deal haven't been disclosed.

Apr. 2, 2013, 2:32 PM | 2 Comments
Verizon Communications (VZ) and AT&T (T) have reportedly been working on a $245B breakup bid for Vodafone (VOD) whereby Verizon would realize its long-held dream of gaining full control of Verizon Wireless and AT&T would obtain Vodafone's non U.S. assets. "Usually reliable people" tell the FT that Verizon and AT&T would offer 260p a share in what would be the biggest takeover in history. Vodafone shares are +4.8% at 195.64 pence in London. Apr. 2, 2013, 5:26 AM | 7 Comments
A U.S district court has granted class-action status to a suit contesting the sale of 41K Verizon (VZ) pension plans (total obligations of $8.5B) to Prudential (PRU). The plaintiffs argue the deal "replaces retirees' pensions with non-ERISA protected insurance annuities, thus stripping participants of the protections of federal law and causing irreparable harm."

Apr. 1, 2013, 4:21 PM | 5 Comments
Verizon (VZ) has been sued in New York State Supreme Court for $2.85B over the collapse of SuperMedia (SPMD), the directory company that the telecom operator spun off in 2006. The lawsuit contends that SuperMedia, which was known as Idearc, was so indebted that it was insolvent and bound to fail. However, a federal judge in Texas has already said that Verizon would probably win a lawsuit over Idearc's spin-off.

Mar. 31, 2013, 3:37 AM | 2 Comments
AT&T (T) will sell Samsung's (SSNLF.PK) Galaxy S IV for $250 with a 2-year contract. Pre-orders start on April 16, but no release date has been announced yet. The S IV's price is $50 above that of the 16GB iPhone 5, and drives home Ma Bell's efforts to lower margin-depressing phone subsidies. Verizon (VZ), which has a habit of following AT&T's lead (and vice versa), could follow suit.

Mar. 28, 2013, 12:53 PM | 1 Comment
Vodafone (VOD) +2.6% after The Sunday Times reports the carrier is "leaning towards making a clean break" with Verizon (VZ), and that a Verizon Wireless deal could happen by summer. Talks are said to be "fluid and free-form," with Verizon shareholders standing in the way of a full-blown merger out of concerns about Vodafone's European ops. The paper also claims Vodafone execs have privately told investors they can "mitigate or eliminate" Vodafone's capital gains tax bill. (previous)

Mar. 25, 2013, 9:13 AM | 3 Comments
FCC chairman Julius Genachowski confirms he's resigning. He'll be leaving the commission "in the coming weeks" after holding its top job for nearly 4 years, and his departure will result in 2 of its 5 seats being unfilled. Of the 3 that remain, 2 are Democrats and 1 is a Republican. Genachowski departs as the FCC continues to draw up plans for 2014 spectrum auctions meant to address soaring mobile data usage. (yesterday) Mar. 22, 2013, 12:34 PM
FCC chairman Julius Genachowski will announce tomorrow he's stepping down, the WSJ reports. AT&T (T) and Verizon (VZ) might be pleased to see him go: worried about the telcos achieving near-duopoly status in the U.S. mobile market, Genachowski helped derail the AT&T/T-Mobile USA merger and required major concessions from Verizon before signing off on its cable spectrum purchases. He has also been a supporter of municipal broadband projects, which AT&T and other incumbents have tried to derail.

Mar. 21, 2013, 8:10 PM | 1 Comment
Citi is excited by reports of Verizon (VZ +1.2%) attempting to buy out Vodafone's (VOD +1.4%) 45% stake in Verizon Wireless: analyst Michael Rollins has upgraded the carriers to Buy, and states a deal would yield "significant EPS and FCF accretion to Verizon in the first year under most of the scenarios we explored." Others on the Street think likewise. Mar. 18, 2013, 11:27 AM | 4 Comments
Verizon (VZ) has joined Cablevision in wanting a shakeup of the pay-TV industry's structure: Big Red says it's talking with several "midtier and smaller" TV network owners about paying for channels based on how many subscribers watch, rather than the number of covered homes. Verizon's efforts, which it says would allow it to offer a bigger lineup of niche channels, aren't as dramatic as Cablevision's attempts to end to channel bundling. But they still underscore industry discontent with having to pay per-user fees for less popular channels from media giants such as Viacom (VIA) and Disney (DIS), regardless of viewing activity. Mar. 18, 2013, 10:41 AM | 3 Comments
AT&T (T) could acquire Vodafone's (VOD) non-U.S. assets if reported talks between Verizon (VZ) and Vodafone lead to a merger, thinks BofA/Merrill. Analyst David Barden estimates $70B would be enough for AT&T, which has made its interest in foreign expansion clear, to buy Vodafone's giant collection of international mobile properties. (tower sales)

Mar. 15, 2013, 4:17 PM | 9 Comments
With its cable spectrum purchases on the books, Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) is planning to build 5K 4G cell sites this year in the AWS band, whose airwaves feature less range but more bandwidth than those in the 700 MHz. band where Verizon's 4G buildout has taken place. The expansion suggests Verizon is now focused on improving 4G capacity/speeds rather than coverage (where it has an edge). Separately, Wells Fargo says checks indicate Verizon is taking share from AT&T (T), that both are taking share from Sprint (S), and that Sprint is taking share from T-Mobile.

Mar. 15, 2013, 12:26 PM | 1 Comment
VentureBeat provides some additional detail on the Redbox Instant (CSTR, VZ) launch. Standalone access to Instant's streaming will cost just $6/month ($2/month cheaper than Netflix, but for a much smaller library), and credits good for 4 Redbox rentals/month can be tacked on for an extra $2/month - provided the credits are used, that's a 58% discount from Redbox's normal $1.20/title.  "Hundreds of thousands" of people are said to have signed up during a 3-month testing period. Mar. 14, 2013, 6:09 PM | 5 Comments
Redbox Instant (CSTR, VZ) has finally launched. The service, initially slated to go live in Q4 '12, offers access to 4.6K titles and 4 Redbox DVD rentals for $8/month. Another 4K movies are available for renting/purchasing. Original programming might be offered at some point, but CEO Shawn Strickland considers speculation on this front "really premature." For the time being, Instant's content library is much smaller than Netflix's (NFLX), and so is the breadth of its hardware ecosystem  - will the Redbox DVDs be enough to get Netflix subs to defect?

Mar. 14, 2013, 5:19 PM | 5 Comments
BlackBerry (BBRY +8.3%) has received an order for 1M BB10 phones from one of its "established partners" (exactly whom remains a mystery). The announcement has sent shares flying higher over the final hour of trading. Also: Verizon (VZ) says it will begin selling the Z10 on March 28, and will start taking pre-orders tomorrow. As was rumored, the carrier will have exclusive access to a white version of the device.

Mar. 13, 2013, 3:52 PM | 42 Comments
Redbox (CSTR) and Verizon (VZ) could be looking to break into original programming. At a recent tech symposium, a Creative Artists Agency lawyer tipped off that the companies have been inquiring about programming opportunities. If the report pans out, it makes for beefier streaming competition for Netflix (NFLX) and Amazon (AMZN).

Mar. 11, 2013, 7:59 AM | 2 Comments
Verizon Communications (VZ) declares $0.515/share quarterly dividend, in line with previous. Forward yield 4.30%. For shareholders of record Apr. 10. Payable May 01. Ex-div date Apr. 08. (PR) Mar. 11, 2013, 7:52 AM
Looking to protect the duopoly/near-duopoly positions they have in many U.S. broadband markets, U.S. telcos and cable companies are lobbying hard to put an end to publicly-funded broadband networks, arguing (without irony) such networks hurt competition. AT&T (T), Time Warner Cable (TWC), Windstream (WIN), and Comcast (CMCSA) are some of the incumbents to have mounted lobbying efforts, which have led at least 19 states to place restrictions on public broadband investments.

Mar. 8, 2013, 10:58 AM | 13 Comments
With the White House having given its support to legalizing the unlocking of cell phones, Sen. Ron Wyden has introduced a bill that would do just that. Passage of the bill could lead to a bump in churn for U.S. carriers, as consumers are no longer required to buy a new phone (and, should they want a subsidy, agree to a contract) to switch carriers. However, some phones only work on a particular carrier's network due to band compatibility issues, and carriers could start requesting more such devices in an effort to keep customers from leaving. Mar. 6, 2013, 11:57 AM | 14 Comments
Verizon (VZ -0.7%) and Vodafone (VOD +1.1%) aren't currently talking about a Verizon Wireless deal, sources tell David Faber. That's not stopping Vodafone from adding to yesterday's gains. Nomura sees an equity-financed deal to buy Vodafone's stake at a $111B valuation lifting Verizon's 2013 EPS and FCF by 19% and 15%, respectively. However, the firm notes Vodafone would have to pay taxes when selling Verizon shares. David Einhorn has been bullish on Vodafone on account of its Verizon Wireless stake.

Mar. 6, 2013, 10:30 AM | 1 Comment
In a negative for Qualcomm (QCOM), Verizon (VZ) CFO Fran Shammo says his company is looking to sell 4G-only phones by late 2014. The 3.25% royalty rate Qualcomm receives for 4G-only devices is lower than the 4%-5% rates it often gets for 3G-capable devices. Shammo also notes the free (with contract) iPhone 4 (AAPL) accounted for many of its Q4 activations, and hopes competition will lower subsidies - the latest iPhones often get a ~$450 subsidy. Competition between Android OEMs could give Verizon more leverage with Samsung than Apple. (Verizon/Vodafone) Mar. 5, 2013, 6:51 PM | 4 Comments
Verizon (VZ +0.9%) is bent on taking full control of Verizon Wireless this year, and has even discussed merging with Vodafone (VOD +3.9%) to achieve this goal, Bloomberg reports. Merger talks are said to have stalled over "disagreements on leadership and headquarters location," thus making a buyout or partial sale of Vodafone's 45% stake (estimated to be worth $115B) more likely. One source claims Vodafone is open to using the proceeds to make European acquisitions. (previous)

Mar. 5, 2013, 12:41 PM | 10 Comments
White House adviser David Edelman said the Obama Administration supports changing the law so that consumers can unlock their cell phones and tablet computers so they can work on another operator's network. Mobile users had been allowed to unlock their devices without their carrier's permission until a recent change in the regulation by the Library of Congress' Copyright Office. Mar. 5, 2013, 3:27 AM | 6 Comments
Vodafone (VOD) CEO Vittorio Colao continues to act the tease over the carrier's intentions with regards to its 45% stake in Verizon Wireless, telling the WSJ that he doesn't know if the U.S. operator's ownership structure will be the same in a year's time. Verizon Communications (VZ), which owns 55% of Verizon Wireless, would "love" to take control, but the latter provides over half of Vodafone's adjusted operating profit.

Feb. 22, 2013, 2:51 AM
Verizon (VZ) is adding Walgreen CEO Greg Wasson to its board, effective March 1. Wasson's appointment increases the size of Verizon's board to 13. The news comes just three days after AT&T announced it's adding a new board member with healthcare industry ties. (PR)

Feb. 7, 2013, 12:39 PM
The average mobile user gobbled up 201MB of data/month in 2012, more than twice the 92MB/month consumed in 2011, according to this year's update to Cisco's (CSCO) Visual Networking Index. Cisco predicts mobile data traffic will post a 66% CAGR from 2012-2017, with 47% of 2017 traffic coming from Asia-Pac, 46% being offloaded onto Wi-Fi gear and femtocells, and 66% stemming from mobile video (YouTube dominates). Key mobile infrastructure players: ERIC, ALU, FFIV, ALLT, PKT, RKUS, DRWI, CRNT  (last year: I, II)

Feb. 6, 2013, 12:51 PM | 2 Comments
Coinstar (CSTR +2.3%) and Verizon's (VZ +0.2%) Redbox Instant streaming JV has struck a deal with Microsoft (MSFT +0.5%) to make the Xbox 360 the JV's exclusive console platform. Redbox Instant, whose launch has been delayed from Q4 '12 to the end of Q1, will presumably get some free marketing as part of the deal. Netflix (NFLX -0.7%) is available on all three major home console platforms.

Feb. 5, 2013, 2:51 PM | 6 Comments
AT&T (T), Verizon (VZ), and other U.S. telcos are on edge over an FCC proposal to free up spectrum for public Wi-Fi networks that could significantly lower mobile data usage. Intel and Qualcomm want the spectrum to be licensed, and Cisco is raising interference concerns - all 3 have an interest in keeping carriers happy. However, Google and Microsoft support the proposal. With carrier data ARPUs surging and voice ARPUs declining, the stakes are high. If the project goes ahead, it could benefit telecom Wi-Fi hardware providers RKUS, ERIC, and ARUN.

Feb. 4, 2013, 12:54 PM | 5 Comments
Added to the reasons why Fed policies are counterproductive is companies spending billions to buck up their pension schemes thanks to barely visible interest rates. It's simple math - as rates fall, liabilities rise, and companies must add funds. Ford will spend $5B shoring up its pensions this year, about as much as spent building plants last year.

Feb. 4, 2013, 7:42 AM | 17 Comments
Verizon (VZ +2.5%) outperforms following an upgrade to Overweight from Piper: the firm likes Big Red's unmatched wireless network and thinks 2013 expectations have been reset. AT&T (T +2.2%) is up almost as much. Feb. 1, 2013, 10:17 AM
Consumers who buy phones from cellular carriers no longer have legal protection to unlock the devices so they can work on another operator's network. Under a change in regulation from the Library of Congress's Copyright Office that came into force yesterday, unlocking phones is not expressly permitted under law. "It may go to court some time, and then it will be up to a judge," says lawyer Mitch Stoltz.

Jan. 27, 2013, 3:03 AM | 22 Comments
Microsoft (MSFT) is reportedly working with Qualcomm (QCOM) and others to create a Windows Phone reference design for Chinese OEMs targeting emerging markets. Creating cheaper WP hardware is critical to taking on Android in China and other cost-sensitive markets - Nokia (NOK) and Microsoft have promised they'll offer $100 (unsubsidized) WP models, but have a ways to go. Separately, Verizon has begun selling the Samsung Ativ Odyssey for a subsidized $50, and will reportedly sell a Lumia 920 variant once AT&T exclusivity ends.

Jan. 25, 2013, 1:34 PM | 6 Comments
AT&T (T) continues its spectrum-buying binge by acquiring 700 MHz.-band spectrum from Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) in exchange for $1.9B and higher-frequency spectrum. The licenses AT&T is buying cover 42M people in 18 states, and will be used to deploy 4G services. The deal comes shortly after AT&T agreed to buy ATN's wireless ops and spectrum, and received an FCC green light to buy 2.3 GHz. spectrum from NextWave and others. Verizon agreed to sell a large chunk of 700 MHz. licenses in exchange for receiving FCC approval for its cable spectrum purchases.

Jan. 25, 2013, 10:56 AM | 1 Comment
To the chagrin of telecom equipment firms, Verizon (VZ +0.9%) is staying frugal with its capex: after spending $16.2B in 2012 (down slightly Y/Y in spite of a 4.5% revenue gain), the carrier forecasts 2013 capex will be flat Y/Y. Big Red also says it wants to lower wireless expenses by $2B, and forecasts a 2013 wireless EBITDA margin of 49%-50% (up from 2012's 46.6%). Lower smartphone subsidies are a goal (possibly bad news for Apple and Samsung), and stock buybacks aren't ruled out - a heavy debt load and cash distributions to Vodafone limit Verizon's flexibility here. (more) Jan. 22, 2013, 12:06 PM | 1 Comment
More on Verizon: As previously disclosed, wireless retail net adds were 2.1M, up from 1.5M a year ago. Wireless service revenue +8.5% Y/Y, up from +7.5% in Q3, total retail subs at 98.2M. Retail wireless churn up slightly to 1.24%. Average revenue per account (now used instead of ARPU) +6.6% Y/Y to $146.80/month. Wireless op. margin -780 bps Q/Q and -80 bps Y/Y to 24% due to higher smartphone sales. Wireline revenue -1.5% Y/Y, hurt by business and wholesale declines. 2012 capex was $16.2B, down slightly Y/Y. VZ +0.6%.

Jan. 22, 2013, 9:42 AM
Verizon (VZ) states on its Q4 call it activated 6.2M iPhones in Q4, good for 63% of total smartphone activations (up from 46% in Q3, and 56% in the year-ago period). Big Red had previously disclosed it activated 9.8M smartphones in the quarter. CFO Fran Shammo says about half of the iPhone sales involved the iPhone 5 - that remark comes as UBS points to survey data indicating a mix shift towards older and lower-capacity iPhone models. Apple (AAPL) +0.8%. (AT&T smartphone sales)

Jan. 22, 2013, 9:21 AM | 36 Comments
More on Verizon (VZ): Higher pension costs and the impact of Superstorm Sandy drove the company's quarterly loss to more than double last year's mark. Pension liabilities shaved off $1.55 a share and the widespread damage from the storm cut another $0.07. Verizon added a net 567K FiOS digital connections during the period, 31% less than the number added during the same period a year ago. VZ -2.0% premarket. (PR)

Jan. 22, 2013, 8:13 AM | 3 Comments
Verizon (VZ): Q4 EPS of $0.38 misses by $0.13. Revenue of $30B (+5.7% Y/Y) beats by $0.25B. (PR) Jan. 22, 2013, 6:36 AM | 1 Comment
Notable earnings before Tuesday’s open: AMTD, CNI, CRBC, DAL, DD, EAT, FCX, FMER, JNJ, KSU, MTG, PETS, RF, SNV, TRV, VZ, WAT

Jan. 22, 2013, 12:04 AM
UBS downgrades Verizon (VZ -1% to $42.85) to "Neutral" from "Buy" and cuts its stock-price target to $44 from $48. UBS also reduces its Q4 EPS estimate to $0.46 from $0.51 on "lower-than-forecast wire-line and wireless profitability." Analysts say: "We believe the positive catalysts are mostly played out and we see downside to estimates."

Jan. 14, 2013, 8:38 AM | 1 Comment
Coinstar (CSTR) and Verizon's (VZ) Redbox Instant streaming service will commercially launch by the end of Q1, promises JV chief Shawn Strickland. Verizon had once predicted a Q4 2012 launch. The service currently has 4,500 movies in its library that can be viewed with a basic subscription, and a total of 7,500 after counting "transactional" titles. Netflix (NFLX) was estimated to have 35K titles in April, but that includes a lot of TV shows. Amazon recently stated it had 33K titles.

Jan. 9, 2013, 5:38 PM | 3 Comments
Though Verizon (VZ -0.3%) CEO Lowell McAdam recently suggested his company is able and willing to buy Vodafone's (VOD +0.8%) 45% stake in Verizon Wireless, he has since clarified "there's no discussions about it." With Vodafone's European ops not faring too well lately, the company might be in no rush to unload a stake in a share-gaining U.S. carrier that's making giant cash distributions. (smartphone activations) Jan. 9, 2013, 2:26 PM
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) says it expect to report 9.8M smartphone activations, "with a higher mix of Apple smartphones," for Q4. That figure is up 29% from the 7.7M smartphones activated a year ago, and 44% from the 6.8M activated in Q3 (46% of them were iPhones). Verizon's Y/Y growth rate is easily above that of AT&T (T - previous), which is more iPhone-dependent, but its Q/Q rate is slower. The smartphone sales, together with strong indirect channel growth, will lead to a slight Y/Y drop in EBITDA service margin. VZ -0.5%. AAPL -0.7%. (CEO remarks: I, II) Update: Verizon PR tells Seeking Alpha the iPhone mix was higher relative to both Q3 (46% of smartphone sales) and Q4 2011 (56%).

Jan. 9, 2013, 9:29 AM | 22 Comments
Verizon (VZ -3%), MetroPCS (PCS -2.8%), and Leap Wireless (LEAP -3.2%) are selling off after AT&T announced it sold 10M+ smartphones in Q4. Verizon ticked higher yesterday after announcing it had 2.1M net wireless subscriber adds in Q4. Jan. 8, 2013, 1:35 PM
The SEC is looking in to a report that Washington Council Ernst & Young violated auditor rules by letting its lobbying unit perform work for several major audit clients including Amgen (AMGN), CVS Caremark (CVS) and Verizon (VZ). U.S. independence rules bar auditors from serving in an "advocacy role" for audit clients, but it's unclear how far along the probe is, or whether it will result in any civil charges.

Jan. 7, 2013, 7:31 PM
More on Verizon: Continuing his talk at a Citi conference, CEO Lowell McAdam claims Verizon Wireless had 2.1M net subscriber adds in Q4; that's well above the 1.5M added a year ago, and the highest quarterly total in Verizon's (VZ +0.9%) history. However, he also said Verizon is "planning on 2013 being relatively flat," and forecast $9B-$10B in Q4 charges - $7B of that figure stems from pension liabilities, $1.5B from restructuring efforts, and $1B from Hurricane Sandy. Jan. 7, 2013, 4:17 PM
Vodafone (VOD +2.2%) spikes after Verizon (VZ +0.4%) CEO Lowell McAdam says his company is capable of digesting Vodafone's 45% stake in Verizon Wireless. "We have always said we would love to own all of that asset," he reminds us. The fact Verizon Wireless is now making giant cash distributions gives Verizon more incentive to make a deal, but the fact Verizon has $53B in debt complicates matters. McAdam also suggests Verizon won't be following T-Mobile's lead in eliminating phone subsidies. "I don't think U.S. consumers are ready to buy an iPhone for $700." Jan. 7, 2013, 2:56 PM | 8 Comments
Nokia (NOK) +5.1% premarket, adding to yesterday's gains (I, II). CNET has published an interview with CEO Stephen Elop in which he says Nokia is "planning a lot of exciting things with Verizon." Verizon (VZ) currently offers the mid-range Lumia 822, but the flagship Lumia 920 is for now an AT&T exclusive in the U.S.

Dec. 18, 2012, 9:14 AM | 12 Comments
"With 20/20 hindsight, the Nextel merger was a mistake," states Sprint (S +0.2%) CEO Dan Hesse in a fairly candid interview. Hesse also admits Sprint had allowed its customer service to deteriorate, and that changing consumer perceptions will take time. As you'd expect, he still remains worried about AT&T and Verizon's market clout, SoftBank (SFTBF.PK) and Clearwire (CLWR) deals or not.  "Five years ago I wouldn’t have called them a duopoly. Today they’re darn close." (previous)

Dec. 17, 2012, 6:07 PM | 1 Comment
Coinstar (CSTR) and Verizon (VZ) will launch Redbox Instant in an invitation-only beta phase this month with an official rollout planned for next year. For $8 a month, users can stream movies and select up to 4 DVDs per month from Redbox kiosks. An online store will also offer movies for rental or purchase. For now, the service appears to analyst to be only a minor threat to Netflix (NFLX), although the potential for bigger things down the road remains. Dec. 12, 2012, 7:34 AM | 3 Comments
In addition to lifting his Q4 iPhone activation forecast for AT&T (T +1.3%), JPMorgan's Philip Cusick is raising his postpaid net add forecast to 700K from 500K. Moody's, however, is cautioning multiples for U.S. telecom names have been inflated by yield-chasing investors, and could compress as dividend tax rates and interest rates rise. It also worries these events could drive telcos to perform "credit negative actions" to prop up their shares. AT&T closed the sale of $4B worth of debt today.

Dec. 11, 2012, 1:18 PM
Why was T-Mobile USA finally able to reach an iPhone deal? Because it's ending phone subsidies next year. In a radical move, the struggling low-end carrier says all phones it sells will soon have to be paid for in full, up-front or via installments. With the iPhone 5 (AAPL) selling for $649-$849 unsubsidized, its sales stand to be disproportionately affected. T-Mobile's move will hurt business with customers who demand high-end hardware for $200 or less, but will also allow it to shift entirely to its cheap Value Plans.

Dec. 6, 2012, 4:25 PM | 1 Comment
Verizon Communications (VZ) declares $0.515/share quarterly dividend, in line with previous. Forward yield 4.67%. For shareholders of record Jan. 10. Payable Feb. 01. Ex-div date Jan. 08. (PR) Dec. 6, 2012, 1:51 PM | 1 Comment
It looks like T-Mobile USA is finally getting the iPhone: Deutsche Telekom (DTEGY.PK) says its U.S. unit "has entered into an agreement with Apple (AAPL +2.1%) to bring products to market together in 2013." It doesn't provide further details, other than to say the deal will hurt DT's 2013 free cash flow (likely thanks to big purchase requirements/subsidies). Many were expecting an announcement this week. MetroPCS (PCS +1.7%), slated to merge with T-Mobile USA, is up a bit.

Dec. 6, 2012, 12:12 PM | 5 Comments
Though Verizon (VZ) has an edge on AT&T (T) when it comes to 4G LTE coverage, AT&T might soon open a lead in download speeds. Research firm TBR says it believes AT&T will launch 4G services based on the LTE Advanced standard, which supports 100 Mbps+ speeds (in lab environments anyway), in 2H13, citing recent executive comments. Verizon has said it will support LTE Advanced, but hasn't provided a timetable. Clearwire's (CLWR) LTE network will support the standard from the start.

Dec. 5, 2012, 2:39 PM | 7 Comments
Redbox Instant won't see a commercial launch until the end of Q1 or the beginning of Q2, Verizon (VZ) CEO Lowell McAdam recently stated at a UBS conference (previous). A recent GigaOm report suggested a Dec. 17 launch was possible. The Verizon/Coinstar (CSTR) streaming service, currently undergoing employee beta tests, is now expected to begin customer trials in late January. Verizon's Web content initiatives have a history of underwhelming.

Dec. 5, 2012, 9:44 AM
A U.S. appeals court has upheld a 2011 FCC ruling that requires major carriers such as Verizon Wireless (VZ) and AT&T (T) to strike mobile data roaming deals with smaller rivals on "commercially reasonable terms." In theory at least, this should make it easier for smaller carriers such as U.S. Cellular (USM), Leap Wireless (LEAP), and NTELOS (NTLS) to offer nationwide data services. However, the fact 4G phones rely on a smorgasbord of frequency bands could cause some problems.

Dec. 4, 2012, 6:19 PM | 1 Comment
Any acquisitions made by Verizon (VZ) will be in the "tens of millions of dollars" range, says CEO Lowell McAdam at a UBS conference - the fact regulators might frown on a large mobile purchase could be a reason why. McAdam also states Verizon is seeing its Q3 momentum extend into Q4, and that stock buybacks could arrive in 12-18 months. Unlike AT&T, Verizon has held off on making buybacks, in part because of the giant cash distributions made by Verizon Wireless. Dec. 4, 2012, 10:52 AM
Like many other carriers, Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) continues to stumble in its efforts to create popular home-grown Internet services. Less than a month after announcing it would shut down its Android/BlackBerry app store, Big Red says it's shuttering its V Cast mobile video service, provided in a variety of paid subscription service bundles. Instead, Verizon will promote its new Viewdini video search service, which aggregates content from Netflix, Hulu, and other third parties.

Dec. 3, 2012, 2:47 PM | 2 Comments
Redbox Instant video streaming service will launch as soon as December 17, according to a GigOm report. Subscriptions for unlimited access will start at $6 a month. The service - a byproduct of a joint venture between Coinstar (CSTR) and Verizon (VZ) - will be available for web users, iOS devices, Xbox 360 consoles, and some Samsung TVs and Blu-Ray players.

Nov. 30, 2012, 6:58 AM | 6 Comments
For yet another year, a Consumer Reports survey of U.S. mobile users has rated AT&T (T) the worst major U.S. carrier. Verizon Wireless (VZ) was again given top marks, and was followed by Sprint (S) and T-Mobile. An August J.D. Power study yielded similar rankings. Consumer Reports did, however, give AT&T the highest satisfaction score among 4G users, even though its LTE network coverage trails Verizon's. (last year)

Nov. 29, 2012, 2:36 PM | 7 Comments
Google (GOOG) has held talks with Dish Network (DISH) about building a massive 4G network using Dish's spectrum, the WSJ reports, while cautioning the talks "aren't advanced and could amount to nothing." Such a tie-up would be costly for Google and risk hurting carrier support for Android, but there would also be benefits. Google "wants people to watch 10 hours of YouTube a day ... what hurts them is [wireless carriers] restricting capacity," observes BTIG's Walter Piecyk. Sprint (S) and Clearwire (CLWR) have been named in the past as potential Dish partners (I, II).

Nov. 15, 2012, 11:11 PM | 2 Comments
Vodafone (VOD) CEO Vittorio Colao says that the company regularly reviews what to do with its 45% stake in Verizon Wireless and that he can't rule out a sale of the asset. Such a move would tie in with Vodafone's global strategy of divesting minority stakes that it holds in carriers, but Verizon contributes over half the U.K. group's adjusted operating profit and is a major growth engine.

Nov. 15, 2012, 4:47 AM
U.S. carriers are doing what they can to try to give Windows Phone (MSFT) a mass following. Verizon Wireless (VZ) says it will offer a Windows Phone model for free with contract by year's end, but doesn't say from whom. Big Red currently offers HTC's high-end 8X for $199, and Nokia's (NOK) mid-range Lumia 822 for $99. Sprint (S), meanwhile, promises to introduce WP models next year.

Nov. 13, 2012, 5:49 PM | 10 Comments
Verizon Wireless says it will distribute an aggregate $8.5B to 55% owner Verizon (VZ) and 45% owner Vodafone (VOD) by year's end. A $10B distribution was made last year, but Verizon had been non-committal until now about a follow-up. VOD +2.2% AH. VZ +0.2%. (PR)

Nov. 12, 2012, 4:11 PM | 7 Comments
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) plans to finish its 4G LTE rollout by the middle of 2013, says CFO Fran Shammo. That's 6 months ahead of Verizon's original plan, and 18 months ahead of AT&T (T), which wants to offer LTE to 300M Americans by the end of 2014. Verizon plans to cover 260M people by year's end, well above AT&T's 150M. Shammo adds 13% of Verizon's customers now use its expensive shared data plans, and that he'd "love to see [Windows Phone 8] be a successful platform. (AT&T capex) Nov. 8, 2012, 11:41 AM
Cord-cutting isn't doing tremendous damage to the pay-TV industry, but it is leading penetration rates to fall a bit. U.S. pay-TV providers collectively shed 127K subs in Q3, per Bernstein's data, as a net loss of 499K cable subs offset a net gain of 372K telco/satellite subs. But that figure is below Q2's 410K decline, and still leaves the industry with a small net increase over the last 4 quarters. (Nielsen)

Nov. 7, 2012, 6:53 PM
In addition to hiking its dividend, AT&T (T -2.9%) says it plans to spend $22B on capex each of the next 3 years, up from 2011's $19B-$20B. $8B will be spent on building AT&T's 4G LTE network, which trails Verizon (VZ -1.5%) in terms of coverage, and $6B on expanding its wireline broadband network. AT&T is also guiding for mid-single-digit annual EPS growth over this time. Capex-starved telecom equipment/component names are rallying. CIEN +11.2%. ADTN +8.1%. APKT +5.8%. JNPR +2.1%. JDSU +6.8%. ALU +2.5%. (investor day: webcast, slides)

Nov. 7, 2012, 10:17 AM | 2 Comments
Citi is out with its latest investment screen selecting U.S.-based dividend-paying stocks of companies that also earn approval in the credit markets. Three newcomers make the list - MRK, PFE, PGN - plus a dozen holdovers: MO, AEP, T, BMY, COP, ED, D, DUK, LLY, LMT, SO, VZ.

Nov. 5, 2012, 5:53 PM | 11 Comments
Surprise, surprise: me-too efforts from carriers trying to compete with popular services from tech leaders (in order to maintain control over users) continue to fall flat. Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) is shutting down its Android/BlackBerry app store, which (from all indications) has seen very little activity relative to Google Play. Will the stumbling Isis mobile payments JV meet a similar fate? How about the global app store top carriers are reportedly mulling (assuming it launches)?

Nov. 5, 2012, 2:23 PM
The iPhone 5 is still supply-constrained at U.S. Apple Stores, says Piper's Gene Munster after polling 70 of them. He also found ongoing shortages at AT&T and Verizon, though Sprint's situation is said to be improving. Those comments are probably contributing to today's Apple (AAPL -2.7%) selloff, especially since Munster's Oct. 4 report on shortages proved accurate. On a more positive note, Munster's poll of 730 U.S. consumers found 55% of those planning to buy a smartphone indicating they want an iPhone 5.

Nov. 2, 2012, 2:47 PM | 37 Comments
Verizon (VZ -0.2%) is refinancing $5B worth of debt: the company has launched a tender offer for $1.25B worth of 8.95% notes due 2039, and plans to retire another $3.75B worth of debt bearing coupon rates of 4.35%-8.75%. The purchases will be paid for through a new debt offering featuring an undisclosed yield. Verizon had over $52.8B in debt on its balance sheet as of Sep. 30. (Hurricane Sandy impact)

Nov. 2, 2012, 11:33 AM
Verizon (VZ) -1.6% after disclosing Hurricane Sandy could have a "significant" impact on Q4 results. The telco, which saw some of its NYC switching facilities get flooded, says it's focusing its resources on restoring services to affected customers, and cautions it "may take some time." Nov. 2, 2012, 9:18 AM | 1 Comment
A giant Verizon (VZ) switching hub in NYC's financial district was badly damaged by Hurricane Sandy. The facility's "cable vault," which aggregates incoming telecom cables, was flooded, crippling access to the building's (undamaged) switches. Though the facility is now partly operational, another downtown switching hub has been left completely inoperable by flooding.

Nov. 1, 2012, 11:24 AM | 2 Comments
VC firm Andreessen Horowitz just invested $15.5M in ItsOn, a startup hoping to change how carriers such as AT&T (T) and Verizon (VZ) charge for mobile data. Instead of charging users monthly for a bucket of data good for any app, consumers, carriers, and developers would be able to pay/bill for specific apps over various periods of time. Getting carriers to change is never easy, but the fact AT&T and others have already talked about per-app billing suggests ItsOn's approach could find some takers.

Oct. 30, 2012, 11:50 AM | 2 Comments
More on Microsoft's (MSFT) Windows Phone 8 event: Jessica Alba was brought out to promote WP8's features, which include a Kid's Corner and a revamped People Hub for integrating contacts and social networking content. Then came a less popular celebrity, Steve Ballmer, to discuss Q4's hardware lineup. He disclosed Verizon (VZ), which reportedly won't get to offer Nokia's Lumia 920 for at least 6 months, will have an exclusive on Samsung's high-end Ativ S/Odyssey phone. (live blog)

Oct. 29, 2012, 2:21 PM | 9 Comments
Nokia (NOK) and Verizon (VZ) introduce the Lumia 822, a mid-range Windows Phone 8 device that sports a 4.3" display and will go for $100 with a 2-year contract. The 822, formerly code-named Atlas, looks more like the Lumia 510 than the 820, which (like the flagship Lumia 920) will be sold by AT&T. The 822's introduction comes just ahead of Microsoft's (MSFT) San Francisco Windows Phone 8 launch event, which starts at 1PM ET (live blog). Oct. 29, 2012, 10:23 AM | 5 Comments
AT&T (T -0.9%) gives back the premarket gains it saw following its Q3 report (I, II). For yet another quarter, stock buybacks (they soared to $3.8B in Q3) allowed EPS to beat estimates even as revenue missed. Also, total wireless net adds fell to 678K from Q2's 1.3M, and postpaid net adds fell to 151K from 320K. Wireless operating margin fell 410 bps Q/Q to 26.2%, partly due to a 20% Q/Q increase in smartphone sales. Total churn rose to 1.34% from Q2's low 1.18%. Verizon (VZ +0.9%), interestingly, is going in the opposite direction.

Oct. 24, 2012, 10:26 AM | 2 Comments
More on AT&T (T) Q3 earnings: FY 2012 free cash flow guidance bumped $2B to $18B or more. Smartphone sales of 6.1M, 4.7M iPhones activated. Wireless EBITDA service margin of 40.8%, on track to hit full-year guidance of 42.5%. Postpaid subscriber ARPU +2.4% Y/Y, the strongest growth in 6 quarters. On CNBC as the numbers crossed, Buffett has "no interest" in AT&T or VZ, saying he doesn't know what they would look like in 5-10 years. Shares +1.9% premarket. (PR)

Oct. 24, 2012, 7:49 AM | 5 Comments
Android Central has leaked pictures of the HTC DLX, which will likely be the first U.S. smartphone to feature a 1080p display. Of particular interest is the fact the DLX, due to be sold by Verizon, contains (like the pending LG/Google Nexus phone) a powerful Qualcomm (QCOM) APQ8064 app processor, something that might not be overkill for a phone containing such a high-res display. Qualcomm and Nvidia (NVDA) should both benefit from the adoption of 1080p displays. (previous)

Oct. 22, 2012, 7:01 PM
Unions representing East Coast Verizon (VZ) wireline workers have ratified new contracts that will last through Aug. 1, 2015. Verizon reached tentative deals for the contracts, which cover 43K employees, which feature an 8% pay hike from 2011-2015 and health benefit reductions, a month ago.

Oct. 19, 2012, 4:59 PM | 3 Comments
After seeing Verizon report it sold just ~650K iPhone 5s in Q3 due to supply issues, Jefferies' Peter Misek thinks only 5M units may have been sold overall in the quarter - he previously believed sales of 8M-10M were possible. But Misek argues iPhone 4/4S sales will make up for any shortfall to his 26M-unit iPhone forecast. Meanwhile, Stifel notes the iPhone 5 is still back-ordered for 3 weeks at Verizon. Apple (AAPL -2.8%) is selling off along with many other tech large caps, and is down 13% from its Sep. 21 high. (earlier: I, II)

Oct. 19, 2012, 3:11 PM | 59 Comments
"You say the [U.S. mobile] market is overly saturated. I think that’s totally wrong ... I would say in the near future three lines, four lines, five lines per capita is possible," says SoftBank CEO Masayoshi Son, showing a clear interest in boosting Sprint's (S) subscriptions for tablets and other non-phone devices. AT&T (T) and Verizon (VZ) have sought to boost non-phone subscriptions via their shared data plans, but the plans are generally costlier than the ones that preceded them. (MetroPCS) (also)

Oct. 19, 2012, 2:52 PM | 3 Comments
More from Verizon: CFO Fran Shammo says Verizon's capex is down 10% Y/Y thus far in 2012, and that Verizon's capex-to-revenue ratio, which has been in a long-term decline, will fall further. Telecom equipment companies, already struggling to cope with Verizon and AT&T's conservative capex mindset, won't be happy to hear that. Meanwhile, Vodafone (VOD) won't be glad to hear Verizon declare talk about a new Verizon Wireless dividend "premature."

Oct. 18, 2012, 9:21 AM
Verizon (VZ) says it activated 6.8M smartphones in Q3, of which 3.4M were Android phones (many of them were probably Galaxy S III units) and 3.1M were iPhones. This compares with 2.9M Android phones and 2.7M iPhones in Q2. Verizon adds 21% of iPhone activations (~650K) involved LTE devices (i.e. the iPhone 5) - supply issues are said to be responsible. Apple (AAPL) -0.8%. (VZ Q3 results: I, II, III)

Oct. 18, 2012, 9:06 AM | 18 Comments
More on Verizon (VZ) Q3: Wireline: operating revenues -2.3% to $9.9B, consumer revenues +4.6%, consumer ARPU +10.3% to $103.86. 136K FiOS Internet and 119K FiOS Video net additions, 5.3M total FiOS Internet, 4.6M total FiOS video customers. Global enterprise revenues -3.6% to $3.8B. (PR)

Oct. 18, 2012, 4:20 AM
More on Verizon (VZ) Q3: Net income attributable to Verizon +15.5% to $1.59B. Wireless: total revenues +7.3% to $19B, service revenues +7.5%, retail service revenues +7.9%, 1.8M retail net additions, including 1.5M retail postpaid net connections, retail postpaid churn 0.91%, 95.9M total retail connections, 90.4M postpaid connections. 4G LTE service available to over 250M people in 419 markets across the U.S. (PR)

Oct. 18, 2012, 4:10 AM
Verizon (VZ): Q3 EPS of $0.64 in line. Revenue of $29.01B (+3.9% Y/Y) in line. (PR) Oct. 18, 2012, 3:59 AM
Notable earnings before Thursday’s open: BAX, BBT, BSX, BX, CY, DHR, DO, FCS, FITB, GPC, HBAN, KEY, LH, LUV, MS, NOK, NUE, PII, PM, PPG, SVU, TRV, UNP, USG, VZ

Oct. 18, 2012, 12:05 AM
Verizon (VZ) is transferring $7.5B of the $30B in obligations held by its management pension plan to Prudential (PRU), a move that affects ~41K retirees. Verizon's pension plan will buy a group annuity contract from Prudential, which will then make future annuity payments to retirees. Big Red says the move furthers its efforts to de-risk its pension plan. (PR)

Oct. 17, 2012, 5:38 PM
Notable earnings before Thursday’s open: BAX, BBT, BSX, BX, CY, DHR, DO, FCS, FITB, GPC, HBAN, KEY, LH, LUV, MS, NOK, NUE, PII, PM, PPG, SVU, TRV, UNP, USG, VZ

Oct. 17, 2012, 5:30 PM | 2 Comments
AT&T (T -1.1%) and Verizon (VZ -1.1%) edge lower after Sprint (S +0.2%) and SoftBank (SFTBF.PK) make their deal official - shares had already fallen a bit on Thursday following initial reports about the deal.  In the PR announcing the acquisition, SoftBank CEO Masayoshi Son bragged about his company's success in taking Japanese mobile share by "by introducing differentiated products to an incumbent-led market." SoftBank fell 4.9% in Tokyo today, adding to Friday's big losses. (more)

Oct. 15, 2012, 10:18 AM
SoftBank's (SFTBF.PK) history suggests an acquisition of Sprint (S -1%) would mean big things for the U.S. mobile industry, notes Tero Kuittinen. Thanks to aggressive pricing, SoftBank managed to turn an also-ran Japanese carrier (the former Vodafone Japan) into the market's subscriber add leader shortly after acquiring it in '06, and has kept its lead since. Should AT&T (T) and Verizon (VZ), who seem happy to maintain premium pricing, be worried? (more)

Oct. 12, 2012, 4:59 PM | 8 Comments
Though its 4G coverage is quickly expanding, Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) doesn't plan on shutting down its 2G/3G CDMA network until 2021, says a company exec. Verizon's timetable speaks to the lengthy shelf lives older mobile technologies have, and is something Qualcomm (QCOM) is probably pleased to see, since it usually charges a higher royalty rate to OEMs for sales of 3G-capable devices (whether or not they also support 4G) than 4G-only devices.

Oct. 12, 2012, 2:32 PM | 1 Comment
Though Verizon (VZ -1.4%) is selling off in response to Sprint/SoftBank reports, Wells Fargo says its checks indicate Verizon Wireless' market share gains accelerated in Q3. Big Red reports on Oct. 18. (4G coverage edge)

Oct. 11, 2012, 12:29 PM
More on Sprint/SoftBank: David Faber claims SoftBank's talks with Sprint (S +19%) also cover the acquisition of Clearwire (CLWR +38.8%). He adds a 3-way deal featuring T-Mobile was considered, but talks fell apart due to antitrust concerns, leading T-Mobile to go after MetroPCS (PCS -6.1%). Sources tell Faber a SoftBank/Sprint deal, though not yet finalized, could happen in a week or two. SoftBank reportedly thinks Sprint and Clearwire's spectrum will allow it to challenge the AT&T/Verizon "duopoly." (more)

Oct. 11, 2012, 11:07 AM
Sprint (S +12.6%) has given back a chunk of the early gains it saw on a report SoftBank is in talks to buy a majority stake in the #3 U.S. carrier. SoftBank's cool response to the report - the Japanese carrier calls it "based on speculation" - might have something to do with the pullback. Analyst Kevin Roe thinks the report could indicate a ~$6.40/share offer price - Sprint is currently moving at $5.68. Verizon (VZ -1.2%) and AT&T (T -0.9%) are off moderately. (also)

Oct. 11, 2012, 10:12 AM
In addition to MetroPCS' about-face on voice-over-LTE (VoLTE), Acme Packet (APKT -2.9%) may have fallen over the last two days thanks to comments from Verizon about its own VoLTE plans. Verizon CTO Nicola Palmer recently claimed the carrier will start VoLTE consumer trials in LTE, and do a full service launch the next year. Though that schedule doesn't differ much from what Raymond James has suggested, Verizon had previously talked about a 2013 launch.

Oct. 10, 2012, 2:46 PM
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) says it will offer 4G LTE services in 400 markets by Oct. 18, well ahead of the carrier's year-end target. AT&T (T), by contrast, promises to have LTE in just 100 markets by year's end. Time will tell whether Verizon's 4G coverage edge, which it has heavily promoted, will help it gain a disproportionate share of iPhone 5 sales, as some have predicted.

Oct. 9, 2012, 6:29 PM | 5 Comments
The Twitter account that leaked Nokia's (NOK) Lumia 920 and 820 has posted an image of the Nokia Atlas, a Windows Phone device said to be meant for Verizon Wireless. The Atlas' design appears closer to that of the mid-range Lumia 610 than that of the 920 (an AT&T exclusive) or 820. The leak comes a day after T-Mobile USA announced it would sell the Lumia 810, a phone closely resembling the 820, but lacking a 4G radio. Oct. 9, 2012, 11:44 AM | 11 Comments
Time Warner Cable (TWC), Comcast (CMCSA) and other cable TV operators may withhold non-sports programming from their rivals after the FCC allowed program-sharing requirements to expire on Friday. The change is a blow to the likes of Dish (DISH), DirecTV (DTV), Verizon (VZ) and AT&T (T), which had wanted the rule to continue. (see also)

Oct. 7, 2012, 5:09 AM | 1 Comment
Despite a Dividend 100 Index up 10% in 2012, dividend bargains are there to be had, especially if you look outside the U.S., Brett Arends suggests. And managers point to three attractive sectors in particular: pharmaceuticals, big energy and telecoms. Individual issues like JNJ, T, VZ and some global oil stocks look good, as well as ETFs like IDV, though it may be financials-heavy. Oct. 6, 2012, 8:15 AM
The FCC is expected to ease rules mandating cable providers such as Comcast (CMCSA) and Time Warner Cable (TWC) offer rivals access to regional sports networks they own. Instead of requiring cable providers to provide access in the event satellite links are used to get the content onto cable networks, the FCC's chairman will handle enforcement on a case-by-case basis. The policy shift could be a negative for DISH, DTV, T, and VZ. (previous)

Oct. 5, 2012, 12:34 PM | 1 Comment
Nokia's (NOK) Lumia 920 will be exclusive to AT&T (T), the carrier announces - many expected Verizon to also carry the device. Ma Bell says it will begin selling the high-end 920 and mid-range 820 in November (as expected), but provides no details about pricing. The Lumia 900 was priced aggressively from the start in an effort to kick-start Windows Phone sales. (earlier)

Oct. 4, 2012, 10:54 AM | 6 Comments
The FCC has proposed rules for the 2014 auctioning of TV spectrum the mobile industry badly covets, as mobile data consumption continues soaring. One issue that bears close watching is how much spectrum the agency allows AT&T (T) and Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) to purchase. The carriers aren't happy with FCC plans to consider caps on the amount of spectrum a single carrier can own, but smaller rivals are all for it.

Sep. 28, 2012, 4:53 PM | 3 Comments
Oppenheimer raises price targets on AT&T (T), to $42, and Verizon (VZ), to $52, due to lower iPhone subsidies. VZ -0.1% premarket. (MW)

Sep. 26, 2012, 8:13 AM | 3 Comments
With Sprint (S) showing signs of improvement, analysts think the company could expand its customer base by acquiring a smaller rival such as T-Mobile (DTEGY.PK), MetroPCS (PCS) or Leap Wireless (LEAP) to create a strong no. 3 carrier to challenge AT&T (T) and Verizon Wireless (VZ). The stock's 136% YTD gain bolsters its currency for a deal.

Sep. 26, 2012, 7:36 AM | 3 Comments
AT&T (T), Verizon (VZ), Comcast (CMCSA) and Time Warner Cable (TWC) are looking to provide heavy duty video games - such as those from EA - to TVs over their cable infrastructure, Bloomberg reports. The move would provide another major threat to console makers such as Sony (SNE) and Microsoft (MSFT), adding to that from smartphone games. However, operators still need to get the technology right.

Sep. 25, 2012, 3:53 AM | 9 Comments
Have a patent lawsuit against Verizon (VZ)? Today's your lucky day. In addition to settling its dispute with TiVo, Big Red has agreed to pay private ActiveVideo $260M (as ordered by a court) and "an additional unspecified amount of money" to make an infringement suit go away. The payout is accompanied by a cross-licensing deal.

Sep. 24, 2012, 12:22 PM | 1 Comment
TiVO (TIVO) notches a big legal win as Verizon (VZ) agrees to pay it $250.4M to settle their patent dispute. Shares +9.5% premarket. (PR)

Sep. 24, 2012, 8:26 AM
Coinstar (CSTR) and Verizon's (VZ) Redbox Instant streaming JV will launch somewhere between mid-November and mid-December, Verizon exec Eric Bruno tells Bloomberg. Bruno adds the service will offer monthly rentals and purchases in addition to subscriptions, and (like Netflix) will support non-PC devices. Verizon and Coinstar have suggested in the past their service would differentiate itself from Netflix (NFLX), mocked as "rerun TV" by some, through a greater focus on movies. Sep. 21, 2012, 6:28 PM | 3 Comments
AT&T (T) accounted for 68% of U.S. iPhone 5 pre-orders from Sep. 14-16, estimates comScore. Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) is believed to account for 24%, and Sprint (S), whose stores are apparently selling out of iPhones, just 8%. AT&T benefits from having a much larger iPhone base, and comScore cautions Verizon grew its share of iPhone 4S orders over time. But the numbers are still encouraging for Ma Bell, given fears Verizon's superior LTE coverage would help it take share.

Sep. 21, 2012, 4:15 PM | 6 Comments
Verizon (VZ +1%) has agreed to new 4-year contracts with unions representing 45K workers. The deals will provide an 8% pay increase from 2011 to 2015, but require workers to pay for a greater portion of healthcare expenses. Verizon, which employs 188K workers altogether, saw the aforementioned unions strike for 15 days last year over contract negotiations, an event that distorted last September's jobs data.

Sep. 19, 2012, 3:55 PM | 2 Comments
AT&T (T) CEO Randall Stephenson tells the crowd at a Goldman conference his company is still considering the sale of its rural phone ops - rival Verizon (VZ) unloaded a large chunk of its rural infrastructure to Frontier back in '09. Stephenson also reiterates AT&T's 2012 guidance for $20B in capex and 25M phone sales, and expects the spectrum-crazed company to be very active in Verizon's upcoming 700 MHz. spectrum auction. Sep. 19, 2012, 10:28 AM
Some of the iPhone 5's (AAPL) finer details are getting criticized. Among the issues: 1) The iPhone 5 won't support simultaneous voice and data on Verizon and Sprint's 4G LTE networks, unlike many other LTE phones. 2) A $29 adapter meant to link the iPhone 5's new dock connector with older accessories won't work with some speakers. 3) Until they're rewritten, existing iPhone apps will display black borders on the iPhone 5, due to its larger display and new aspect ratio.

Sep. 14, 2012, 1:40 AM | 89 Comments
The Isis mobile payments JV is delaying its service launch again, and isn't explaining why. Isis was formed by AT&T, Verizon, and T-Mobile, who were scared of getting left out of a mobile payments boom as Square, Google, and PayPal staked their claims. But like Google Wallet, Isis' reliance on NFC technology could get in its way, especially now that Apple has disclosed the iPhone 5 doesn't contain an NFC chip. VeriFone (PAY) is handling payment processing for Isis, which initially launches in just 2 cities.

Sep. 13, 2012, 5:58 PM
Verizon (VZ +1.5%) CFO Fran Shammo predicts the iPhone 5 will only produce a small margin hit for Verizon Wireless' Q4 results, in spite of its generous subsidies. A $30 smartphone upgrade fee announced in April could help cushion the impact. Shammo also claimed Verizon's shared data plans are leading to a smaller-than-expected near-term revenue drop because customer are purchasing larger data buckets. Verizon Wireless posted a Q2 EBITDA service margin of 49%.

Sep. 12, 2012, 6:43 PM | 1 Comment
Vodafone (VOD -1.2%) isn't following its European tech/telecom peers higher thanks to a downgrade to Hold from Nomura. The firm is concerned about Vodafone's Italian and Spanish performance, and thinks its dividend (yield of 5.3%) is at risk of being cut due to the carrier's spectrum-purchase needs. Yesterday, Barclays argued Vodafone's low valuation relative to Verizon (VZ), together with Verizon's cash needs, made it a better way to gain Verizon Wireless exposure. (BofA downgrade) Sep. 12, 2012, 11:28 AM
The iPhone 5 will support 4G LTE networks in both the U.S. and international markets, sources tell the WSJ. Apple (AAPL) has been widely expected to include LTE support in its next-gen iPhone, given growing deployments from top carriers and the fact most rival devices now support LTE. Apple's move could help U.S. LTE coverage leader Verizon grab share, and increase the value of the chip content provided by iPhone suppliers Qualcomm (QCOM) and Skyworks (SWKS).

Sep. 7, 2012, 7:08 PM | 9 Comments
Cord-cutting is a real and growing phenomenon, says Verizon (VZ) exec Maitreyi Krishnaswamy, even if some don't think it's a big deal. She adds Verizon's FiOS division, like some rivals, has been "looking at" offering a la carte TV services, which would allow consumers to subscribe to channels individually and doubtlessly make many cord-cutters happy. But this would require an overhaul of Verizon's contracts with TV networks, and the networks seem to prefer the status quo.

Sep. 7, 2012, 6:59 PM | 6 Comments
Nokia (NOK) and AT&T (T) plan to begin selling the just-announced Lumia 920 and 820 on Nov. 2, sources tell TechRadar and The Verge. That's a few days after Microsoft's official launch date for Windows Phone 8. Yesterday, Verizon Wireless confirmed to the WSJ it will sell Nokia WP8 devices, but declined to provide specifics. Nokia, which sold off sharply following its phone announcements, hasn't provided any details about pricing or launch partners.

Sep. 7, 2012, 9:21 AM | 42 Comments
Ahead of the iPhone 5's launch, AT&T (T) announces it has extended 4G LTE coverage to 7 new markets; has expanded coverage in 2 markets; and plans to bring coverage to 47 other markets by year's end. Its PR department worked overtime to spread the news. Analysts have argued Verizon's (VZ, VOD) LTE coverage edge will allow it to take share from AT&T and Sprint (S) following the launch of the next iPhone, which is widely expected to support LTE.

Sep. 6, 2012, 2:44 PM | 1 Comment
Verizon (VZ +0.4%) has slightly hiked its quarterly dividend to $0.515/share from a prior $0.50/share. Big Red now sports an annual yield of 4.7%. (PR)

Sep. 6, 2012, 1:38 PM | 1 Comment
Bloomberg provides a summary of the spectrum purchases that AT&T (T) is involved with as it seeks to catch up with Verizon (VZ) and cope with the increasing amount of data subscribers are downloading. AT&T is putting together deals worth $2.6B, having proposed 24 transactions in the previous four months alone.

Sep. 6, 2012, 4:24 AM
Motorola Mobility (GOOG) and Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) introduce 3 new Android phones: the Droid RAZR HD (4.7" display), the RAZR MAXX HD (similar, but with bigger battery/more storage), and the Droid M (4.3" display). None of the phones have edge-to-edge displays, as was rumored, though Motorola is boasting the RAZR HD offers almost twice the talk time of Samsung's Galaxy S III. Samsung has been rapidly taking high-end Android share from Motorola and everyone else. (live blog) Sep. 5, 2012, 2:43 PM | 3 Comments
Sprint's (S) marketing department continues promoting the carrier's cost advantage relative to AT&T and Verizon. Having long taken aim at Ma Bell and Big Red's data caps, Sprint's latest ad (video) skewers their expensive shared data plans. Sprint's Q2 subscriber data suggests its marketing efforts are starting to bear fruit, but it now has to contend with T-Mobile's revival of its unlimited data plan, and a price cut from MetroPCS.

Aug. 31, 2012, 5:18 PM | 5 Comments
Ahead of an auction for spectrum owned by TV broadcasters, the FCC is planning to review its rules for determining if a carrier owns too much spectrum. The FCC helped derail the AT&T/T-Mobile merger partly because of spectrum concerns, and also required major concessions from Verizon to approve its spectrum purchases from cable providers. AT&T is (officially, at least) praising the news, but so are smaller carriers such as Sprint (S), who argue current rules don't differentiate between bands.

Aug. 31, 2012, 1:47 PM | 5 Comments
At the end of Q2, Verizon Wireless' (VZ, VOD) 4G LTE network covered 230M people. That puts Big Red well ahead of AT&T (T) and (especially) Sprint (S) when it comes to 4G availability, and leads Jefferies to think the arrival of a 4G iPhone (AAPL) could be a "game changer" for the carrier. The firm thinks Verizon could sell 5M next-gen iPhone units in September, and a whopping 15M in Q4. Wells Fargo argued yesterday that a mass exodus of AT&T iPhone subs is unlikely.

Aug. 30, 2012, 6:28 PM | 8 Comments
Worries the next iPhone's arrival (expected on Sep. 21) will lead to a huge exodus of AT&T (T) iPhone subs are misplaced, says Wells Fargo. 88% of AT&T's postpaid subs are using a family plan, benefit from corporate discounts, or both, Wells points out - this translates into a "sticky" customer base. The firm also notes fears of major subscriber losses following Verizon's 2011 iPhone launch proved misguided. A recent Piper survey indicated Verizon has an edge over AT&T among those thinking of buying the next iPhone.

Aug. 29, 2012, 1:35 PM
Mobile payments JV Isis is on track to launch in September, says the CEO of Verifone (PAY), which will be handling transaction processing for the platform. Isis, formed by AT&T (T), Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD), and T-Mobile, enters a crowded mobile payments landscape that has already seen Square and PayPal make huge moves. Also, as Google can vouch, Isis' use of NFC chips could be a handicap, given limited phone and merchant support.

Aug. 28, 2012, 5:03 PM
Southern Co. (SO) and Verizon (VZ) may be the "poster children" among high dividend-payers as the quest for yield takes the utility (XLU), telecom (IXP), and consumer staples (XLP) sectors to frothy levels. The flip-side are health-care services (XHS), autos (CARZ), housing (IYR), and tech (XLK) - lower payers, but with relative valuations that have rarely been this cheap. Aug. 25, 2012, 10:00 AM | 16 Comments
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) received top marks in J.D. Power's annual study of U.S. mobile network quality. Big Red was said to have the best network in 5 of the 6 regions covered in the study, which measures issues such as dropped call rates and Web connection errors. U.S. Cellular (USM) was named the best carrier in the "North Central" region, while AT&T (T) was declared the worst carrier in 4 of 6 regions. Verizon is hoping its network will allow it to maintain premium pricing.

Aug. 24, 2012, 1:09 PM | 1 Comment
As expected, the FCC has approved Verizon Wireless' (VZ, VOD) spectrum purchase deals with Comcast (CMCSA), Time Warner Cable (TWC), and other cable providers, thereby removing the final hurdle to their clearing. The DOJ gave its approval last week, following concessions related to the companies' reseller deals. Verizon says it will now move forward with plans to sell blocks of 700 MHz. spectrum. (PR)

Aug. 23, 2012, 4:15 PM
Motorola Mobility's (GOOG) next flagship phone will be called the Droid M and be sold by Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) for a subsidized $150, BGR reports. The phone, expected to be unveiled at a Sep. 5 event, is rumored to feature a Qualcomm (QCOM) Snapdragon processor - its predecessor, the Droid RAZR, runs on a Texas Instruments (TXN) OMAP processor. The Droid M will face stiff competition from Samsung's blockbuster Galaxy S III, not to mention the next iPhone. (more on Qualcomm: I, II).

Aug. 23, 2012, 1:51 PM | 1 Comment
MetroPCS (PCS -5.2%) and Leap Wireless (LEAP -3.5%) slide after T-Mobile decides to revive its unlimited data plans. Sprint (S -1.5%) is off slightly. Low-end carriers have clearly decided to challenge market leaders AT&T (T) and Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) on price, hoping the latter's de facto price hikes will leave them vulnerable. Will the AT&T/Verizon "duopoly" continue gaining share, or are their latest pricing moves an act of hubris that will backfire?

Aug. 22, 2012, 11:29 AM | 12 Comments
Nokia (NOK) shares +4.35% following a couple of positive Bloomberg articles, one of which highlights the success in emerging markets of the handset maker's cheap Asha features phones. Bloomberg also reports that Verizon (VZ) plans to sell a Windows 8 Nokia phone later this year as it seeks to lower its dependance on the iPhone (AAPL) and Android (GOOG). Aug. 22, 2012, 8:17 AM | 3 Comments
Looking to stem subscriber losses to bigger carriers, MetroPCS (PCS +1.7%) has cut the price of its unlimited 4G voice/text/data plan to $55/month from a prior $70/month. A $50/month plan offering 2.5GB/month of data remains unchanged. Sprint's (S) efforts to promote unlimited data have begun paying off a little, and AT&T (T) and Verizon's (VZ) embrace of expensive shared data plans could give rivals more room to attack on price. (PR)

Aug. 21, 2012, 12:54 PM | 1 Comment
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) claims 64 companies are interested in acquiring 700 MHz. spectrum it plans to sell once the FCC gives its expected approval to the company's cable spectrum purchases. That's up from 36 in May. AT&T (T - previous) and U.S. Cellular (USM) are among those who have already expressed interest, though T-Mobile and others have questioned the value of the spectrum, which could interfere with a TV channel.

Aug. 20, 2012, 12:43 PM | 1 Comment
Motorola Mobility (GOOG) and Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) have scheduled a Sep. 5 announcement they boast will be "the day's main event" - that's a shot at Nokia, which is widely expected to announce Windows Phone 8 hardware that day. Many predict the companies will unveil the Droid RAZR HD, a device rumored to sport a high-end display and 13MP camera.

Aug. 17, 2012, 6:35 PM | 3 Comments
AT&T (T) once more provokes a consumer backlash by stating Apple's (AAPL) FaceTime video-calling app can only be used over its network by users subscribed to a costly shared data plan. "Exceptionally hostile to net neutrality," declares The Verge. Perhaps it's fitting the move comes a day after BGR argued AT&T was more inept at PR than Verizon (VZ), in light of the latter's ability to win regulatory approval for its spectrum purchases, and the former's failure to do so for the T-Mobile acquisition.

Aug. 17, 2012, 5:55 PM | 8 Comments
Comcast (CMCSA) appears set to slash its high-end broadband prices. An internal screenshot posted by Broadband Reports indicates Comcast will offer 300 Mbps service for $119/month in Q213, down from a current $300/month, and increase download speeds for two other pricing tiers from 25 to 50 Mbps and 50 to 105 Mbps, respectively. The new plans will reportedly be offered first in Verizon (VZ) FiOS markets - it might not be a coincidence the DOJ just mandated Verizon and Comcast's reseller deals exclude FiOS areas.

Aug. 17, 2012, 5:13 PM | 1 Comment
Verizon CFO Fran Shammo predicts his company will continue to see postpaid subscriber adds accelerate in Q3 and seasonally strong Q4 - Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) reported 880K postpaid net adds in Q2, well above a 660K consensus, and Q1's 501K. Shammo also claims Verizon has "found a niche" in the prepaid market with its $50/month Unleashed plans, though (in-line with Verizon's general strategy) the company doesn't plan on matching price cuts from PCS and LEAP. (earlier)

Aug. 16, 2012, 6:20 PM
The DOJ has officially cleared Verizon Wireless' (VZ, VOD) spectrum-purchase deals with Comcast (CMCSA), Time Warner Cable (TWC), and other cable providers. As was previously reported, the approval comes with the condition Verizon and the cable providers don't re-sell each other services in FiOS areas, along with other stipulations to guarantee competition. The FCC is now in favor of approving the deal.

Aug. 16, 2012, 1:27 PM | 3 Comments
BofA/Merrill is downgrading Vodafone (VOD -1.2%) to Hold. While liking Vodafone's top-line growth and dividend yield, the firm is worried about slumping Italian profits, Indian spectrum costs, a relatively high P/E (currently 14), and the potential end of 45%-owned Verizon Wireless (VZ) and AT&T's (T) duopoly power in the U.S.

Aug. 15, 2012, 2:36 PM | 5 Comments
Desperate to hold its own against Verizon and AT&T, Sprint (S) is now offering new customers a $100 AmEx gift card with the purchase of any smartphone. That includes the iPhone 4S, which Sprint has made huge purchase commitments for. Sprint recently cut iPhone 4S prices by $50, a move Apple's retail stores subsequently matched.

Aug. 15, 2012, 9:18 AM | 3 Comments
The FCC and DOJ are preparing to authorize Verizon Wireless' (VZ) $3.9B acquisition of airwaves from several cable companies, including Comcast (CMCSA) and Time Warner Cable (TWC), the WSJ reports. In return, the companies will limit the scope and length of agreements to sell each other's services in deals that had raised concerns that the companies wouldn't compete for Internet subscribers.

Aug. 14, 2012, 5:30 AM | 1 Comment
T-Mobile USA (DTEGY.PK) remains the sick man of the U.S. mobile industry. The iPhone and 4G-lacking carrier lost 205K subs in Q2, and a whopping 557K branded postpaid subs. Total service revenue fell 5.2% Y/Y. Fellow low-end nationwide carrier Sprint (S) added 442K postpaid subs for the Sprint brand in Q2. T-Mobile USA CEO Phillip Humm left for Vodafone in June, shortly after employees were told T-Mobile won't be carrying the next iPhone. (PR - PDF) (previous)

Aug. 9, 2012, 2:07 PM
Cord-cutting might have picked up a bit in Q2, according to data industry. Though the net loss of 400K customers was affected partially by a seasonal trend of college students cutting their service, analysts dissecting the sector still see a slow downward trend as more streaming options proliferate. Cable/satellite/telco players: CMCSA, TWC, CHTR, CVC, DISH, DTV, T, VZ.

Aug. 9, 2012, 9:51 AM
Sprint (S) CEO Dan Hesse says he welcomes mobile consolidation in the U.S. ... as long as it doesn't involve AT&T and Verizon, whom (like co-workers) he accuses of being duopolists. Hesse also claims once more he has no regrets about committing to $15B worth of iPhone purchases, and boasts Sprint has been able to shut down call centers by offering better customer service. Hesse struck a deal to acquire MetroPCS (PCS) in February, but was shot down by his board.

Aug. 7, 2012, 6:13 PM | 12 Comments
Regulators wants to cap the length of time Verizon (VZ) and cable companies can withhold joint services from competitors as a condition for approving the cellular carrier's $3.6B acquisition of spectrum from Time Warner (TWC) and Comcast (CMCSA), Bloomberg reported yesterday. The deal includes joint marketing and development agreements. (previous)

Aug. 5, 2012, 5:35 AM
The DOJ and FCC could place "tough conditions" on their approval of Verizon's (VZ -0.4%) spectrum purchases from cable companies, Reuters reports. Among other things, Verizon's reseller deals with the cable providers, which include Comcast (CMCSA) and Time Warner (TWX), could be cancelled in areas where FiOS is offered, and only available for a limited time elsewhere. Verizon has already sold spectrum to T-Mobile in hopes of appeasing the FCC. (previous)

Aug. 3, 2012, 2:18 PM | 2 Comments
As part of a settlement with the FCC, Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) has agreed to stop blocking its customers from downloading tethering and mobile hotspot apps from Android Market. The settlement threatens Verizon's lucrative hotspot and 4G modem subscriptions. A similar deal with AT&T (T) could soon follow. Apple has thus far blocked tethering/hotspot apps from the App Store at the request of carriers. Jul. 31, 2012, 5:10 PM | 4 Comments
In spite of growing 4G deployments, Infonetics forecasts global mobile capex will be roughly flat from 2012 to 2016. One reason: AT&T and Verizon have been steadily reducing their capex/revenue ratio, even if growth is harmed. Also, European carriers, struggling with macro and debt woes, have become 4G laggards. In the crosshairs, assuming data traffic doesn't force carriers to spend more, are infrastructure vendors such as Ericsson (ERIC), Alcatel-Lucent (ALU), and Nokia Siemens (NOK, SI). Jul. 30, 2012, 7:12 PM | 3 Comments
Coinstar (CSTR) -1.1% AH following Netflix's (NFLX) Q2 report, which featured an 850K Q/Q decline in DVD subs. Earlier today, Coinstar and Verizon (VZ) provided details about their streaming JV. The service will be called Redbox Instant by Verizon, will be run by Verizon exec Shawn Strickland, will focus on movies rather than TV shows (unlike Netflix), and will come packaged with Redbox kiosk rentals. No pricing info has been announced.

Jul. 24, 2012, 6:21 PM
Comcast (CMCSA) goes after "really advanced digital families" willing to pay top dollar for the fastest Internet speeds, introducing a $299.95/month service it says beats Verizon's (VZ) speediest service. The new Xfinity Platinum offers download speeds of up to 305 megabits/second; VZ's FiOS, which relies on fiber-optic lines, introduced a plan in June that tops out at 300 megabits for $204.99/month.

Jul. 24, 2012, 5:15 PM
Privately-owned patent troll NTP has reached licensing deals with 13 tech and telecom companies: the list includes Apple (AAPL), Microsoft (MSFT), AT&T (T), Verizon (VZ), Sprint (S), Google (GOOG), Yahoo (YHOO), and Samsung (SSNLF.PK). Terms haven't been disclosed; NTP reached a $612.5M settlement with Research In Motion in '06.

Jul. 23, 2012, 1:15 PM | 4 Comments
Verizon (VZ -1.7%) says it won't be discussing a dividend payment for Vodafone (VOD -0.5%) when its board meets next week - a decision is required by year's end. Vodafone received a $4.5B special dividend last year related to its 45% stake in Verizon Wireless. The remarks come as Verizon Wireless wins accolades for its strong Q2 performance. The carrier's postpaid ARPU of $56.13 (+3.7% Y/Y) beat a consensus of $55.82, and postpaid net adds of 888K beat a consensus of 724K.

Jul. 19, 2012, 11:33 AM | 1 Comment
Verizon (VZ -2.1%) slips following its Q2 report. Big Red says it sold 2.7M iPhones (AAPL) in the quarter, down from Q1's 3.2M and Q4's 4.3M, albeit while adding 25% of sales are to new customers. Android sales came in at 2.9M. Deutsche is disappointed by Verizon's FiOS net adds, but is pleased with ARPUs and wireless margins. Moreover, 2012 capex is now expected to be "flat to down," - good for VZ's cash flow, but not for struggling telecom equipment firms. T -1.4%. S +1.4%.

Jul. 19, 2012, 9:53 AM | 1 Comment
More on Verizon (VZ -1.5%) Q2: cash flow from op activities +20.1% to $9.3B. Wireless: service revenues +7.3%, retail service revenues +8.6%, data revenues +18.5%, 1.2M retail net customer additions, 94.2M total retail customers. Wireline: consumer revs +2.5%, highest in several years; ARPU tops $100/month; 134K FiOS Internet, 120K FiOS Video net additions; 5.1M FiOS Internet, 4.5M FiOS Video customers. (PR)

Jul. 19, 2012, 8:00 AM | 3 Comments
Verizon (VZ): Q2 EPS of $0.64 in-line. Revenue of $28.55B (+3.7% Y/Y) in-line. Shares -0.6% premarket. (PR) Jul. 19, 2012, 7:33 AM
Notable earnings before Thursday’s open: ADS, BAX, BBT, BX, CY, DGX, DHR, DO, FCS, FCX, FITB, GPC, HBAN, JCI, KEY, LUV, MS, NOK, NUE, NVS, PM, SHW, SWY, TCB, TRV, TSM, TXT, UNH, UNP, VZ

Jul. 19, 2012, 12:05 AM
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) has added 4G LTE coverage for 33 new markets, and has expanded coverage for 32 existing markets, including some big ones. Verizon says it's on track to provide LTE to 400 markets by year's end, up from a current 337. By contrast, AT&T (T) currently offers LTE in just 47 markets. Sprint (S), which until now has been relying on Clearwire's WiMAX 4G network, just began providing LTE in 15 metro areas.

Jul. 18, 2012, 6:48 PM | 3 Comments
Notable earnings before Thursday’s open: ADS, BAX, BBT, BX, CY, DGX, DHR, DO, FCS, FCX, FITB, GPC, HBAN, JCI, KEY, LUV, MS, NOK, NUE, NVS, PM, SHW, SWY, TCB, TRV, TSM, TXT, UNH, UNP, VZ

Jul. 18, 2012, 5:30 PM
To no one's surprise, AT&T (T) is following Verizon Wireless' (VZ, VOD) lead in rolling out shared data plans featuring unlimited voice and text. The plans are nearly as costly as Verizon's - 1GB shared between a smartphone and a tablet costs $95/month, and 4GB costs $120/month. However, unlike Verizon's plans, Ma Bell's won't be required for upgrading users. Sprint (S), trying to maintain its cost edge, has said it won't follow suit. (PR) (T/VZ "duopoly") (price signaling)

Jul. 18, 2012, 9:27 AM | 8 Comments
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) launches GameTanium, a service that delivers 100 smartphone games and 50 tablet games on-demand to subscribers using Android devices for $5.99/month. It's another example of carrier attempts to profit from delivering value-added mobile content and services, rather than merely acting as "dumb pipes" for the content/services of others. These efforts have seen limited success in the post-iPhone era. (also)

Jul. 13, 2012, 1:36 PM | 4 Comments
The DOJ's fears about the impact of Verizon Wireless' (VZ, VOD) reseller deals with cable providers on broadband pricing are reportedly leading it to stall Verizon's spectrum purchases, even as the FCC is ready to sign off. DOJ antitrust officials worry the reseller deals amount to non-compete agreements that will limit consumer broadband options, particularly in areas where Verizon's FiOS service isn't offered.

Jul. 13, 2012, 10:09 AM
The FCC is reportedly close to approving Verizon Wireless' (VZ, VOD) controversial spectrum purchases from cable providers - Verizon's recent spectrum swap with T-Mobile appears to have mollified FCC concerns about competitive balance. However, the DOJ is still concerned about the impact of Verizon's reseller deals on broadband pricing, and the potential of a "joint operating entity" to create proprietary technologies that lock out rivals. (also)

Jul. 11, 2012, 1:17 PM | 1 Comment
That Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) and AT&T (T) are engaging in price signaling - a situation where rivals quickly match each others' price changes - now seems to be admitted even by company execs. AT&T's axing of unlimited data was followed by Verizon doing the same, and all signs point to AT&T following Verizon's lead in migrating to costly shared data plans. With Sprint (S) and T-Mobile (DTEGY.PK) offering weak competition, this situation could continue for a while.

Jul. 9, 2012, 2:48 PM | 6 Comments
RIM (RIMM) is under pressure from mobile phone companies, including AT&T (T) and Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD), to cut carrier fees. It's a real pain point for RIM, as the fees generate $4.1B annually and account for more than a third of the BlackBerry maker's revenue. Analysts say that figure could drop to $2.8B in FY'14.

Jul. 4, 2012, 9:10 AM | 28 Comments
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) has stopped subsidizing its 4G tablets. This won't do anything to boost interest in its costly shared data plans, or to increase the low share of 3G/4G tablets within the overall tablet market. The latter is a problem for chipmakers such as Qualcomm (QCOM), Skyworks (SWKS), and TriQuint (TQNT), who often see their components go into 3G/4G tablets, but rarely Wi-Fi-only models.

Jul. 3, 2012, 4:48 PM | 1 Comment
Strange bedfellows: Verizon (VZ) is teaming up with the American Petroleum Institute in support of the Law of the Sea treaty. The treaty would place under U.S. jurisdiction as much as 4.1M additional sq. miles of ocean and let the U.S. secure claims to rare earth minerals, proponents say. Opponents worry the global body created to oversee the law wouldn’t be accountable to U.S. citizens.

Jun. 28, 2012, 6:06 PM
Sprint (S) says its 4G LTE network, which it's building out with Clearwire's (CLWR) help, will go live in five cities on July 15. The launch will be supported by five devices, including Samsung's Galaxy S III. Verizon (VZ) and AT&T's (T) lead in deploying LTE, the result of Sprint's prior decision to opt for the much less popular WiMAX as its 4G technology, has Sprint scrambling to catch up. Separately, Tero Kuittinen argues T-Mobile's woes could work to Sprint's benefit.

Jun. 27, 2012, 4:41 PM | 1 Comment
A study from CIRP estimates Sprint (S) accounts for just 9% of iPhone sales at Apple Stores, and 19% of sales at Best Buy. This compares with 63% and 60%, respectively, for AT&T (T). Also, 94% of Verizon and AT&T iPhone subs bought a second iPhone from the carrier, thus limiting Sprint's ability to poach. The study raises fresh questions about whether Sprint can hit its iPhone purchase commitments, and also helps explain why Verizon felt comfortable hiking service plan prices. (also)

Jun. 26, 2012, 1:48 PM | 3 Comments
The FCC is taking a favorable view of Verizon Wireless' (VZ, VOD) planned spectrum swap with T-Mobile (DTEGY.PK), sources tell the Washington Post. The deal, which features spectrum considered more valuable than what Verizon was previously trying to hawk to T-Mobile and others, could lead to Verizon's controversial spectrum purchases from cable providers being approved.

Jun. 26, 2012, 1:00 PM
In-line with an earlier note, William Blair's Anil Doradia claims Motorola's (GOOG) Droid RAZR MAXX outsold the iPhone at Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) in June, thanks to Big Red's efforts to promote 4G device sales. The next iPhone (AAPL) is expected to support 4G, and could lead to a change-of-heart at Verizon. Meanwhile, a T-Mobile (DTEGY.PK) exec has reportedly told employees the struggling carrier won't receive the iPhone this year.

Jun. 26, 2012, 11:35 AM
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) and T-Mobile USA (DTEGY.PK) reach a spectrum-exchange deal involving assets in the AWS band. The deal features a net spectrum gain for T-Mobile and a cash payment to Verizon, and includes spectrum Verizon is buying from cable providers and LEAP. Verizon is doubtlessly hoping the deal will convince the FCC to sign off on its spectrum purchases, which are being reviewed and have faced Congressional and industry opposition.

Jun. 25, 2012, 9:22 AM | 2 Comments
Sprint (S) is unlikely to follow Verizon Wireless' (VZ, VOD) lead in migrating to shared data plans, execs tell Nomura's Mike McCormack, who maintains a Neutral on the company due to debt and competition concerns. Verizon's plans, which will lead to higher bills for many upgrading users, have faced plenty of criticism. AT&T (T) is expected to make a similar move.

Jun. 21, 2012, 1:23 PM
A day after Apple made waves by unveiling a proprietary iOS mapping platform, WPcentral reports Nokia (NOK) will replace Microsoft's (MSFT) Bing Maps on Windows Phone 8 devices with its own 3D mapping and navigation solution. The site adds WP8 will be "a massive overhaul" that includes Skype integration, an NFC-based mobile wallet, and new developer tools. Verizon (VZ) appears to be planning to throw its weight behind WP8 this fall.

Jun. 12, 2012, 6:28 PM | 11 Comments
AT&T (T) CEO Randall Stephenson says his company is interested in buying the 700 MHz. spectrum Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) has offered to sell in order to win FCC approval of its spectrum purchases from cable providers. Consider this one more example of AT&T and Verizon, increasingly referred to as "duopolists," supporting each other on regulatory matters. T-Mobile and other opponents of Verizon's purchases have questioned the value of its 700 MHz. spectrum. (earlier)

Jun. 12, 2012, 5:21 PM | 1 Comment
"We all live in an ATTizon duopoly now. And they will do with us what they please," writes Tero Kuittinen after looking at Verizon's (VZ, VOD) shared data plans. He sees the plans, which increase the minimum a smartphone user looking to upgrade has to pay to $90/month from a current $70/month, as an attempt to prevent voice/text revenues from being eroded by mobile apps (previous), and thinks they're fueled by a belief "Sprint and T-Mobile are now so weak they offer no effective competition." (also)

Jun. 12, 2012, 1:35 PM | 19 Comments
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) introduces its anticipated shared data plans. The plans, which come bundled with unlimited voice and text messaging, aren't cheap: a user wanting to share 2GB/month between a smartphone and a tablet, for example, will have to pay $110/month. AT&T (T) has hinted it will also offer shared data plans. (PR)

Jun. 12, 2012, 9:18 AM | 8 Comments
Verizon Wireless' (VZ, VOD) efforts to promote 4G devices have led Motorola's (GOOG) Droid RAZR MAXX to surpass the iPhone (AAPL) as its top-selling model, claims William Blair's Anil Doradio after conducting checks. However, he believes the iPhone remains AT&T and Sprint's best-selling device, and expects the arrival of a 4G model to act as "an important catalyst" for Apple. (also)

Jun. 11, 2012, 11:01 AM | 3 Comments
In addition to prepping shared data plans, AT&T (T) and Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) are considering more complex billing schemes, reports Tero Kuittinen after talking with sources. Among the options being weighed are pricing tiers that vary based on download speeds and peak hour use, and content-specific pricing. He sees these moves causing big changes in corporate spending. Tangoe (TNGO), a maker of enterprise software for managing telecom spending, could benefit. (yesterday)

Jun. 6, 2012, 2:45 PM | 1 Comment
Though few expect an Apple (AAPL) TV set to be announced at next week's developer conference, Jefferies' Peter Misek thinks it's possible. Misek says his checks indicate Foxconn has begun manufacturing an iTV (this is in-line with a Chinese report) and expects the product to be available in 2H. He also believes the iTV is being tested by pay-TV providers AT&T (T), Verizon (VZ), Bell (BCE), Rogers (RCI), Deutsche Telekom (DTEGY.PK), and France Telecom (FTE). (more)

Jun. 6, 2012, 11:25 AM | 3 Comments
EMC is partnering with Verizon's (VZ) Terremark subsidiary to deliver cloud hosting services that leverage EMC's storage hardware and software. EMC, like many of its peers, has made a lot of noise about its cloud ambitions, though its track record is mixed. While some cloud services firms value the rich feature set of EMC's Symmetrix and VNX lines, others such as Amazon and Facebook prefer cheaper home-grown solutions and/or flash memory-based systems from upstarts. Jun. 6, 2012, 11:09 AM
In spite of fears AT&T (T) and Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) will drastically change their iPhone (AAPL) upgrade policies, Piper's Gene Munster predicts they'll merely require a 20-month waiting period between upgrades, compared with 18 months required for the 4S. As a result, he still forecasts 49M iPhone shipments for Apple's December quarter (+32% Y/Y). Meanwhile, Barclays and Wedge Partners offer previews of what to expect at Apple's upcoming developer conference. (Canaccord)

Jun. 5, 2012, 6:37 PM | 1 Comment
U.S. carriers are desperate to keep ARPUs from falling even as voice usage plummets in the face of growing text messaging and e-mail use. Their solution: phase out calling plans that offer a bundle of minutes in favor of more costly unlimited plans. AT&T (T) and Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) both reported Y/Y declines in voice revenue in Q1, though this was offset by higher mobile data revenue. AT&T's CEO recently suggested the industry would eventually see data-only plans. Jun. 5, 2012, 6:19 PM | 3 Comments
Less than 300K U.S. consumers turned in their feature phones for smartphones each week in May, estimates Horace Deidu after analyzing comScore's latest data. That's down sharply from the 1.5M/week added in November, and, along with disappointing Q1 smartphone sales, suggests U.S. demand for smartphones (and their costly service plans) is finally cooling off. Also of note: Android's (GOOG) smartphone share fell 20 bps M/M to 50.8%, after months of torrid growth.

Jun. 4, 2012, 6:19 PM | 4 Comments
Verizon (VZ) is looking to slash 1,700 jobs by offering buyouts to technicians and call-center workers. The company, which has a total of ~192K employees, has been talking with unions regarding new contracts for 45K wireline employees. (previous)

Jun. 4, 2012, 11:26 AM
U.S. broadband continues to get more expensive. Backing up prior comments, Verizon (VZ) is raising the price of its base FiOS broadband plan (15 Mbps downlink/5 Mbps uplink) by $10 to $65/month, The Verge reports, and is also now insisting on a 2-year contract. The second-cheapest plan (50 Mbps down/25 Mbps up) goes for $75/month, and the costliest plan (300 Mbps down/65 Mbps) sells for $205/month. TWC is also eying broadband price hikes.

Jun. 4, 2012, 11:08 AM | 2 Comments
Samsung (SSNLF.PK) will begin selling its flagship Galaxy S III to all four nationwide U.S. carriers this month, along with U.S. Cellular (USM), at prices that start at $199. The S III has received largely positive reviews, and its Euro launch has been met with strong early demand. Qualcomm (QCOM), Broadcom (BRCM), Skyworks (SWKS), and Maxim (MXIM) are among the chipmakers that will benefit from the U.S. launch.

Jun. 4, 2012, 9:18 AM | 1 Comment
Data-only mobile phone plans are inevitable, says AT&T (T) CEO Randall Stephenson at a Bernstein conference (webcast). Under such plans, a subscriber would presumably rely on VoIP services such as Skype for calls. Stephenson adds AT&T plans to experiment with app-based data pricing and shared data plans - Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) has already promised shared data plans by mid-summer.

Jun. 1, 2012, 1:47 PM | 2 Comments
Verizon (VZ) agrees to acquire Hughes Telematics (HUTC.OB) for $612M, or $12/share in cash. VZ says the deal would expand its capabilities in the automotive and fleet telematics marketplace and accelerate growth in key vertical segments, including emerging machine-to-machine services applications. HUTC +7.8%, VZ -1.4% premarket.

Jun. 1, 2012, 8:26 AM
Vodafone (VOD), AT&T (T), Verizon (VZ), Telefonica (TEF), and Deutsche Telekom (DTEGY.PK) are joining forces to create what would effectively be a common mobile app store, Light Reading reports. The upshot: carriers are trying to take back a measure of the control they lost to Apple (AAPL) and Google (GOOG) over the distribution of mobile content, and perhaps generate some extra revenue along the way. It won't be easy. May 30, 2012, 5:12 PM | 4 Comments
FCC wireless bureau chief Rick Kaplan, who was responsible for handling the commission's review of the failed AT&T/T-Mobile merger, is resigning. The resignation, effective mid-June, could have implications for the FCC's review of Verizon Wireless' (VZ, VOD) spectrum purchase deals with cable providers, and perhaps also Dish Networks' (DISH) 4G network plans. Kaplan will be replaced by former bureau chief Ruth Milkman.

May 30, 2012, 1:26 PM
Mobile devices now make up 20.2% of U.S. web traffic, according to ad network Chitika - smartphones account for 14.6%, and tablets, which are seeing traffic grow especially quickly, make up 5.6%. Such growth, which AT&T (T) and Verizon (VZ) claim justifies their spectrum-purchase attempts, begs the question of how long carriers can maintain their muted capex spending - infrastructure providers such as ERIC, ALU, JNPR, FFIV, ALLT and PKT badly hope there's a pickup. (also)

May 25, 2012, 12:52 PM | 1 Comment
Verizon Wireless' (VZ, VOD) spectrum purchases from cable providers will likely be approved in spite of intense scrutiny and criticism, analysts and industry insiders maintain. Verizon's offer to sell blocks of 700 MHz. spectrum are seen as an adequate compromise (though T-Mobile isn't  interested). However, yesterday, Senator Herb Kohl wrote a letter expressing concerns about the purchases, and the accompanying reseller deals. The FCC's review of the deal is set to end on August 7.

May 25, 2012, 9:33 AM
At the top of Goldman Sachs' VIP List of 50 stocks most important to hedge funds is Apple (AAPL), followed by GOOG, ESRX, MSFT, QCOM, C, GM, PCLN, JPM and LMCA. Leading the list of the firm's top 50 short positions is JNJ, XOM, INTC, IBM, AMZN, T, CVX, VZ, DUK and DIS.

May 25, 2012, 8:58 AM | 12 Comments
As Dish Network (DISH) tells the FCC to wait until at least 2016 for a 4G network launch, MetroPCS (PCS) and T-Mobile (DTEGY.PK) are calling for the agency to require Dish to sell half of its 40 MHz. of spectrum. Like others, the carriers think Dish will try to sell some or all of its spectrum to Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD and/or AT&T (T), thereby putting smaller rivals at a disadvantage. May 22, 2012, 1:17 PM
Apple (AAPL) still has the world's most valuable brand, according to BrandZ's annual study, which estimates its value has risen 19% Y/Y to $182.9B. IBM is believed to have passed Google (GOOG) for the #2 spot thanks to a 15% increase, while McDonald's (MCD) is seen holding steady at #4 in spite of a 17% gain. Also in the top 10: Microsoft (MSFT), Coca-Cola (KO), Marlboro (PM), AT&T (T), Verizon (VZ), and China Mobile (CHL). May 22, 2012, 12:28 PM
Nomura raises its PTs for AT&T (T) and Verizon (VZ) to $36 and $42, respectively. The firm sees a "positive industry backdrop" emerging, and thinks sentiment should remain healthy through the launch of the next iPhone. On the flip side, it's worried Sprint (S), on the hook for huge iPhone purchases, could suffer if its iPhone sales "conform with broader industry upgrade trends." May 18, 2012, 2:44 PM | 3 Comments
It's good to be part of a duopoly. In addition to talking about Verizon's (VZ) upcoming shared data plans, CFO Fran Shammo said Big Red plans to hike prices for its FiOS fiber-to-the-home TV and Internet services, citing strong customer satisfaction. Shammo's remarks come even though Verizon has no plans to invest in expanding FiOS into new markets. Time Warner Cable (TWC) is also reportedly planning to raise its broadband prices.

May 17, 2012, 9:39 AM
Verizon Wireless' (VZ, VOD) shared data plans, due mid-summer, will be "very different, very innovative, something that really hasn’t been tried before in the industry," boasts Verizon CFO Fran Shammo. 3G/4G tablet makers, whose sales have been crippled by current mobile data plans, hope he isn't bluffing. As part of the move, Verizon will be eliminating unlimited data plans for 3G users who upgrade to 4G. May 16, 2012, 4:56 PM | 1 Comment
The FCC said yesterday it needs more details from Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) on its offer to sell some wireless spectrum if/when regulators approve its plan to purchase another set of airwaves for $3.9B. The FCC wants more info on the link between the two deals by May 22.

May 16, 2012, 4:59 AM
Bernstein's Craig Moffett issues a downbeat note on the U.S. wireless industry: like others, he believes the industry saw a small Q1 net decline in postpaid subs (35K), and notes the decline is much larger (635K) if one just focuses on handset subs. Moreover, Moffett thinks ARPUs, which have been propped up by smartphone adoption, will be pressured now that sales growth is slowing, and sees more pain for struggling prepaid carriers LEAP and PCS.

May 15, 2012, 4:58 PM | 1 Comment
AT&T's (T) wireless customer satisfaction score rose 5 points to 69 in the ACSI's annual survey. That puts it nearly on par with Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD), whose score of 70 represents a 3-point drop, and Sprint (S), which dropped a point to 71. Apple (AAPL) posted the highest score among cell phone vendors at 83, while Research In Motion (RIMM) had the lowest at 69.

May 15, 2012, 1:32 PM | 3 Comments
With the U.S. mobile industry nearing saturation, wireless carriers appear to have seen a net decline in postpaid subscribers in seasonally weak Q1, as gains for AT&T (T) and Verizon (VZ, VOD) were offset by losses for Sprint (S), T-Mobile (DTEGY.PK), and others. Slowing smartphone sales were a major culprit.

May 14, 2012, 12:58 PM | 2 Comments
Ciena (CIEN +8.4%) shares surge as Verizon (VZ +1.5%) says it is using Ciena technology as part of its plans to build additional control panel technology into its network infrastructure. Citi says the news allays concerns that CIEN's technology isn't being accepted by customers and should give investors better confidence in its long-term growth opportunities.

May 11, 2012, 3:29 PM
Verizon and AT&T get upgrades to Outperform from Neutral at Credit Suisse, which also bumps VZ's price target to $45 from $38, and T to $36.50 from 30. Verizon +0.6% premarket.

May 11, 2012, 7:49 AM | 3 Comments
T-Mobile (DTEGY.PK +1.3%) spurns Verizon Wireless' (VZ +0.9%) offer to sell it spectrum, saying it's rife with interference problems and limited coverage availability. Verizon Wireless had said last month that it would sell the 700mhz band if approved by regulators, but T-Mobile has been a vocal opponent of the deal, saying it risks interfering with TV stations that already occupy nearby spectrum bands.

May 10, 2012, 1:29 PM
AT&T (T) follows Verizon's (VZ, VOD) lead in promising it will introduce shared data plans that encompass multiple devices, though no details are provided. The moves might finally kick-start sales of 3G/4G tablets (a positive for QCOM and other mobile baseband/radio chipmakers), which have remained weak as consumers balk at paying for multiple data plans.

May 9, 2012, 2:24 PM
The FCC and DOJ continue to have concerns about Verizon Wireless' (VZ, VOD) plans to buy spectrum from cable providers, sources tell Bloomberg, leading to speculation a go-ahead won't come quickly. Sprint, T-Mobile, and many rural carriers are opposed to the deals, declaring them an attempt to keep rivals from effectively competing. Verizon continues to assert it needs the spectrum to deal with soaring data traffic. (also)

May 9, 2012, 10:31 AM | 1 Comment
Though Nielsen recently argued cord-cutting is for real, using 2011 subscriber losses as proof, Bernstein's Craig Moffett points to Q1 data as evidence the phenomenon is no big deal. Major U.S. pay-TV providers added 422K subs in Q1, Moffett notes, as gains of 375K and 185K for telco and satellite providers, respectively, more than offset a 137K drop in cable subs. Also, cable's decline was smaller than Q4's 316K.

May 8, 2012, 2:02 PM
CNNMoney's David Goldman talked with 10 Verizon (VZ, VOD) sales reps, and found all of them recommending he buy a 4G LTE Android model instead of an iPhone. Others report similar experiences. Verizon probably isn't motivated by hostility towards Apple (AAPL), but by an interest in offloading its surging mobile data traffic onto its high-capacity LTE network. It recently mentioned all of its future smartphone releases will support LTE.

May 7, 2012, 9:14 AM | 41 Comments
Cord-cutting is a real phenomenon, says Nielsen, even if the figures aren't huge. The number of U.S. homes subscribing to a pay-TV service fell by an estimated 1.5M in 2011, as subscriber gains of 1.1M and 280K from telco and satellite providers, respectively, failed to offset the loss of 2.9M cable subs. Nielsen also claims the amount of time U.S. consumers spent on game consoles rose 30% Y/Y in spite of mobile/social competition - Xbox (MSFT) media usage is likely playing a big role. May 4, 2012, 6:55 PM | 3 Comments
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) has launched an $80/month prepaid plan featuring unlimited voice and text, and 1GB of data. That likely contributed to today's weakness in Leap Wireless (LEAP -3.9%), which stands in Verizon's crosshairs. Leap and fellow discount carrier MetroPCS (PCS +4.1%) were crushed on Thusrday after reporting major net add drops. Barclays predicts the nationwide giants will continue taking prepaid share.

Apr. 30, 2012, 4:24 PM
Though the FCC still hasn't approved Verizon's (VZ) much-criticized deals to purchase spectrum from cable companies, Big Red and Comcast (CMCSA) have begun reselling each other's mobile and cable services in several major markets. Locales where Verizon's FiOS fiber-to-the-home service is offered are excluded. Analyst Jeff Kagan worries the arrangement might confuse consumers.

Apr. 30, 2012, 1:03 PM
Samsung (SSNLF.PK) discloses its anticipated Galaxy S III phone will feature a 1.4 GHz. quad-core Exynos CPU. Samsung's growing use of its own processors within its Android phones, together with its surging market share, present a problem for QCOM, NVDA, and TXN, each of whom dream of dominating the Android app processor space. BGR notes Verizon (VZ, VOD) plans to to carry the S III, as well as an HTC phone with a 5" display and quad-core Qualcomm CPU.

Apr. 26, 2012, 12:47 PM
Sprint (S -1.6%) finished lower following its Q1 report, partly due to worries about its net add figures. Bernstein (Underperform) thinks Sprint's large Q/Q drop in net adds, together with disappointing figures (I, II) from AT&T (T) and Verizon (VZ), indicate the U.S. wireless market is saturated. It's also worried Sprint isn't selling enough iPhones to absorb its 7.5M unit/year commitment. Wells Fargo (Outperform), by contrast, praises Sprint's ARPU growth and 4G buildout progress.

Apr. 25, 2012, 6:43 PM | 1 Comment
T-Mobile (DTEGY.PK) questions Verizon Wireless' (VZ, VOD) claim that it needs the spectrum it plans to acquire from cable companies, noting in an FCC brief (.pdf) Verizon isn't fully utilizing the spectrum it already owns. The carrier also joins others in arguing the spectrum Verizon has offered to sell is of little value. Sprint, DirecTV, and some Congressmen are also opposed to Verizon's spectrum purchases.

Apr. 24, 2012, 1:51 PM
Verizon Wireless' (VZ, VOD) offer to sell some 700 MHz. spectrum in exchange for regulatory approval of its controversial spectrum purchase/reseller deals with cable providers might not amount to much: the spectrum is incompatible with current Verizon phones, only covers smaller markets, and could interfere with TV channel 51. Rival nationwide carriers are unlikely to show much interest.

Apr. 20, 2012, 4:09 PM
As Nokia (NOK -3%) makes fresh multi-decade lows following its Q1 report, investors can take a bit of solace in the fact Verizon (VZ) firmly threw its weight behind Windows Phone (MSFT) during its Q1 earnings call. Big Red noted its role in kickstarting Android's success, and says it wants to do the same with Windows Phone, which the carrier has provided only modest support for thus far relative to Lumia 900 seller AT&T (T).

Apr. 19, 2012, 12:34 PM | 7 Comments
Verizon (VZ +1.5%) trades higher following its Q1 report, which was marked by healthy net adds and continued ARPU growth. During its earnings call, the carrier said it sold 3.2M iPhones (4.2M in Q4) and 2.1M LTE smartphones; the former might be disappointing Apple (AAPL -1.7%) investors a bit, though a Q/Q drop was expected. Verizon also said it's exiting the calling card and pay phone businesses, and will be introducing shared data plans by mid-summer. Apr. 19, 2012, 10:18 AM
More on Verizon (VZ +0.8%) Q1: EPS +16% Y/Y, cash flow from operating activities surges to $6B from $922M. Wireless revenues: service +7.7%, retail service +8.9%, data +21.1%, adds a net 734K retail customers. Wireline: adds a net 193K FiOS Internet and 180K FiOS video subs, and 104K broadband connections from Q4. (PR)

Apr. 19, 2012, 7:58 AM | 2 Comments
Verizon (VZ): Q1 EPS of $0.59 beats by $0.01. Revenue of $28.2B (+4.6% Y/Y) in-line. Shares +0.9% premarket. (PR) Apr. 19, 2012, 7:39 AM | 2 Comments
Notable earnings before Thursday's open: ADS, BAC, BAX, BBT, BSX, BTU, BX, CY, DD, DHR, DO, EMC, FCS, FCX, FHN, FITB, FNFG, GNTX, KEY, LUV, MS, NOK, NUE, PBCT, PM, PPG, SHW, SWFT, TCB, TRV, UNH, UNP, VZ

Apr. 19, 2012, 12:05 AM
Notable earnings before Thursday's open: ADS, BAC, BAX, BBT, BSX, BTU, BX, CY, DD, DHR, DO, EMC, FCS, FCX, FHN, FITB, FNFG, GNTX, KEY, LUV, MS, NOK, NUE, PBCT, PM, PPG, SHW, SWFT, TCB, TRV, UNH, UNP, VZ

Apr. 18, 2012, 5:30 PM | 3 Comments
Verizon Wireless (VZ -0.2%) says it will auction a parcel of radio frequencies worth potentially billions of dollars, contingent on obtaining government approval for its pending spectrum purchase from cable companies, plus other deals, totaling ~$4B. “This is a reflection that their approval process is not going well,” a skeptical BTIG analyst says.

Apr. 18, 2012, 2:39 PM
Nomura reiterates a Buy on Vodafone (VOD), expecting shares to get a lift from a solid FQ4 report (due next month) and Verizon Wireless' (VZ) continued strength. The firm also sees Euro service revenue growth picking up due to less pressure from mobile termination rate cuts, though it's slightly lowering its estimates on account of roaming fee cuts and a weak euro. Apr. 18, 2012, 10:21 AM
Verizon (VZ -0.3%) says it plans to begin selling the Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 7.0 tablet for only $49.99 with a new mobile broadband plan starting April 22. The tablet retails for $499.99 and Verizon normally sells it for $229.99 with a new two-year contract, so the discount amounts to a $180 markdown.

Apr. 13, 2012, 3:03 PM | 1 Comment
Though regulators haven't yet signed off on Verizon's (VZ) controversial spectrum purchase/reseller deals with cable providers, the carrier has already begun selling bundled cable/wireless packages in several locales in partnership with Time Warner Cable (TWC). Verizon and Comcast (CMCSA) execs were grilled by Congress in March over the deals.

Apr. 13, 2012, 7:49 AM
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) announces it will charge customers a $30 fee to upgrade their device in tandem with a new 2-year contract. Until now, Big Red was the only major U.S. carrier not to charge an upgrade fee. Consider this one more way carriers are trying to offset the margin hit caused by enormous smartphone subsidies, which have been lamented by T-Mobile and others, and led to fears cutbacks are in store. Apr. 11, 2012, 12:09 PM | 2 Comments
The major wireless providers agree to a deal with the U.S. government to build a central database of stolen cellphones, part of a broad effort to tame an explosion of thefts nationwide. Cellphone theft is one of the fastest growing crimes, and the deal between the FCC and wireless carriers is partly the result of pressure from frustrated police chiefs.

Apr. 10, 2012, 9:35 AM | 5 Comments
Verizon (VZ -0.5%) potentially faces liability for a growing proliferation of consumer spamming traps that are hitting its network at a faster pace than rivals. Even if the company skirts around actually paying out money for scams on their network, it runs the risk of gaining a reputation as a haven for spammers if its doesn't improve its network.

Apr. 5, 2012, 9:47 AM
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD), desperate to give regulators reasons to approve its controversial spectrum/reseller deals with cable providers, says it will offer an "integrated" mobile video service to pay-TV subs by year's end, should the deals be approved. Many pay-TV providers offer iPad apps that enable home streaming, but mobile distribution rights have been hard to come by. "TV Everywhere" software firm Synacor (SYNC) would likely benefit from greater mobile distribution.

Mar. 30, 2012, 12:37 PM
Sprint (S) VP Bob Azzi says his company's 4G LTE network will be up and running in 6 markets by mid-year, while referring to bigger rivals AT&T (T) and Verizon (VZ), who have a solid head-start on Sprint in deploying LTE, as "duopolists." He adds Sprint, which is looking to offer its first LTE devices in 2H, will use Clearwire's (CLWR) spectrum to provide LTE capacity in high-traffic areas.

Mar. 29, 2012, 2:41 PM | 2 Comments
AT&T (T -1.2%) and Verizon (VZ -1.2%) shares slump after Baird cuts its rating on both wireless providers to Neutral from Outperform, a day after RBC cut growth estimates on both companies. Baird cites a slowdown in sales growth, ever-increasing data traffic and continued needs for fresh spectrum.

Mar. 29, 2012, 11:43 AM | 1 Comment
Verizon (VZ -1%) and AT&T (T -1.1%) shares slip after RBC Capital cuts growth targets for both wireless carriers, seeing "few sustainable catalysts given a flatter postpaid growth trajectory and a weaker starting point for 2012 wireline margins." The firm cuts estimates for net post-paid wireless subscriber growth for both VZ and T by 30%-plus. (earlier) Mar. 28, 2012, 12:52 PM
As part of his coverage launch for the U.S. service provider space, Canccord's Greg Miller is starting telco giants AT&T (T) and Verizon (VZ) at Hold (I, II). Miller likes AT&T's steady margins and subscriber growth, and also its huge dividend. However, he expects limited EPS growth, and thinks the collapse of the T-Mobile deal will compel AT&T to sell its rural access lines. As for Verizon, Miller thinks healthy wireless trends are offset by margin pressure and a steep valuation.

Mar. 27, 2012, 12:40 PM | 6 Comments
Citigroup lowers EPS estimates on Verizon (VZ) to reflect the tighter wirelines margins and negative seasonality of payroll and benefit costs it sees for the company. Analysts with Citi keep their Neutral rating and $39 price target on VZ in place. Shares +0.2% premarket.

Mar. 26, 2012, 8:17 AM
Internet service providers are urged by the FCC to adopt practices to thwart the hijacking of internet traffic to unintended destinations, and to prevent the posting of fake web pages that lure consumers to counterfeit sites. ISPs have opposed new regulations protecting computer networks from hacker attacks, preferring voluntary sharing of info about cyber threats.

Mar. 22, 2012, 4:59 PM | 1 Comment
Bernstein Research throws cold water on speculation that Verizon (VZ -0.1%) might try to take over Vodafone (VOD +0.8%), pointing out the financials of such a transaction indicate VOD would actually have to be the acquirer, not the other way around. VOD has a market cap of £85.2B, or almost $135B, vs. $112.5B for VZ. Mar. 22, 2012, 9:58 AM
Verizon (VZ) and Comcast (CMCSA) execs are grilled at Congressional hearings over Verizon's spectrum purchase/reseller deals with Comcast and other cable companies. Verizon says it needs the spectrum provided by the deals, but rivals, consumer groups, and at least a few Congressmen see an attempt to hoard spectrum and/or squash broadband competition. (also)

Mar. 21, 2012, 7:05 PM
More from Sharma's report: In a sign of how the U.S. wireless industry could be nearing a saturation point, it's mentioned the U.S. mobile penetration rate now stands at 110% (thanks to consumers having multiple accounts). Moreover, the industry's total ARPU fell by $0.43 in Q4, as declining voice revenue outweighed rising data revenue. Verizon (VZ) had the most postpaid net adds, while AT&T (T) added the most connected devices (tablets, modem cards, etc.). Mar. 20, 2012, 9:39 AM | 1 Comment
No doubt thanks to the dubious pricing strategies of carriers for 3G/4G tablets, 90% of tablets sold in the U.S. are only used over Wi-Fi networks, notes analyst Chetan Sharma. The failure of 3G/4G tablets to take off hurts both carriers such as VZ, T, and S, and chipmakers such as QCOM. It's also noted smartphones made up 65% of Q4 phone sales in the U.S., compared with roughly 1/3 of global phone sales.

Mar. 20, 2012, 9:38 AM
As Canadian telco BCE makes a big media purchase, the Canadian government announces it's lifting restrictions on foreign investment in the telecom sector. The move could lead AT&T (T) and/or Verizon (VZ) to mull investments in Canadian carriers; AT&T has been evaluating its options for deploying its cash since the T-Mobile deal fell apart. Mar. 16, 2012, 4:52 PM | 3 Comments
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD), which already has a solid lead on AT&T (T) with regards to 4G LTE coverage, says its 4G network will cover 260M Americans by year's end, slightly above a prior target and well above AT&T's year-end target of 150M. The carrier also reiterates its claim it will only roll out LTE-capable smartphones from now on - one more hint that the next iPhone (AAPL) will support LTE.

Mar. 14, 2012, 10:26 AM | 2 Comments
TiVo (TIVO +3.5%) moves up on positive comments out of BMO Capital earlier today, saying the patent litigation claim construction issued by the court in its legal dispute against Verizon (VZ +0.2%) is identical to that issued for the DISH (DISH +0.5%) trial, and a positive for the company. Mar. 13, 2012, 1:20 PM
84% of companies surveyed in February by ChangeWave Research said they plan to buy iPads (AAPL) in the next quarter, up from 77% in November. Whereas only 6% and 3%, respectively, say they plan to buy Amazon or Research In Motion tablets. Also, 59% of enterprise tablet buyers say they'll use service plans from AT&T (T) or Verizon (VZ) - this contrasts sharply with the buying habits of consumers, who have largely preferred Wi-Fi-only tablets. (previously)

Mar. 13, 2012, 9:44 AM
The FCC has sent a letter (.pdf) to Verizon (VZ) requesting documentation to back up its claim it will run out of spectrum next year unless its deals with several cable providers go through. The letter could be a sign that the FCC isn't thrilled with the deals, considering it once sent a similar letter to AT&T over the T-Mobile deal's supposed job benefits. Sprint (S), T-Mobile, and DirecTV (DTV) staunchly oppose Verizon's deals.

Mar. 9, 2012, 2:06 PM
Verizon (VZ) plans to close call centers in Washington, Texas, and Michigan as part of a consolidation effort that could lead to as many as 3,175 workers being laid off. Verizon has roughly 193K employees overall. Mar. 9, 2012, 11:48 AM | 1 Comment
The FCC has requested more info about the marketing agreements proposed in airwaves deals between Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) and several cable operators following competition complaints from rivals and public interest groups. (previously)

Mar. 9, 2012, 5:11 AM
Giant carrier subsidies for mobile devices are wreaking havoc on the wireless industry, says T-Mobile USA (DTEGY.PK) exec Cole Brodman, whose company has seen major subscriber losses due to the fact it doesn't offer the heavily subsidized iPhone (AAPL). Nomura recently lamented the impact iPhone subsidies are having on Verzion (VZ, VOD), AT&T (T), and Sprint's (S) margins.

Mar. 8, 2012, 2:37 PM | 5 Comments
Apple's (AAPL) upcoming new iPad will support LTE wireless broadband, a potential boon for Verizon Wireless (VZ) since it could give consumers and businesses a reason to take a second look at a technology that hasn't gained much traction. "It is great news for Verizon," which has the U.S.'s largest LTE network. "They have a great LTE network that is empty, so they can afford to fill it up." Mar. 7, 2012, 9:33 AM | 4 Comments
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) is introducing a home broadband service that leverages its 4G LTE network. However, the 10GB data cap placed on the service's $60/month plan suggests few video-loving users will be interested. Meanwhile, T-Mobile, Sprint (S), and DirecTV (DTV) are requesting the FCC halt its 180-day review of Verizon's spectrum/reseller deals with cable providers CMCSA, TWC, and Cox.

Mar. 6, 2012, 2:21 PM | 2 Comments
Verizon (VZ) says its experience using cutting-edge 100G optical transmission gear has thus far "exceeded expectations," with the technology providing major performance and operational efficiency benefits. That's music to the ears of Ciena (CIEN), which is both the supplier for Verizon's deployment, and an early leader in the overall 100G market.

Mar. 5, 2012, 5:59 PM
Alcatel-Lucent (ALU +0.4%) is cut to Hold at Bernstein, which says ALU is stymied by the structural composition of its revenue. The firm says ALU is sub-scale in wireless network equipment, which gives it break-even margins in that line vs. Ericsson’s (ERIC) 15% margin; CDMA sales are the saving grace but they’re fading with Verizon (VZ) moving to LTE cellular operations. Mar. 2, 2012, 11:24 AM
After losing 28K subscribers in Q3, U.S. pay-TV providers added 241K subs in Q4, estimates Bernstein. While cable providers lost 318K TV subs (an improvement from Q3's 547K loss), this was more than offset by respective gains of 147K and 412K for satellite and telco providers. The data suggests "cord-cutting" remains a limited phenomenon for the time being, in spite of growing content costs. (also)

Mar. 1, 2012, 12:24 PM | 1 Comment
U.S. carriers are making it easy for Apple (AAPL) and Amazon (AMZN) to dominate the tablet market. Verizon VZ, VOD) and AT&T's (T) latest 4G tablets, Samsung's Galaxy Tab 7.7 and Sony's Tablet P, respectively cost $500 and $400 with 2-year contracts attached. Between the high cost of these tablets, the consumer preference for Wi-Fi-only models, and the ability to buy 3G (and soon 4G) iPads without a contract, carriers shouldn't act surprised when their sponsored hardware fails to sell.

Feb. 28, 2012, 4:28 PM
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) CFO Fran Shammo says shared family data plans will arrive around mid-year. Shammo also claims only 5% of Verizon subscribers currently use its 4G LTE network (strong iPhone sales have something to do with that), and that the carrier wants to keep future investments in its 3G network to a minimum - likely bad news for infrastructure supplier Alcatel-Lucent (ALU). (previously)

Feb. 28, 2012, 2:11 PM | 5 Comments
Comcast (CMCSA) is suing Sprint (S) over the alleged infringement of patents covering wireless networking technologies. The suit comes comes 2 months after Sprint sued Comcast and other cable providers for allegedly infringing on its voice-over-IP patents. Meanwhile, Sprint, T-Mobile, and MetroPCS (PCS) are continuing their efforts to halt Verizon's (VZ) spectrum/reseller deals with cable providers.

Feb. 22, 2012, 7:01 PM | 1 Comment
Text messaging revenues, long a cash cow for carriers, are coming under fire from the growing mobile use of Facebook (FB), Twitter, and other social networking platforms. Ovum estimates "social messaging" cost carriers $13.9B in messaging revenue in 2011, up from $8.7B in 2010. Though as Olga Kharif notes, social networking activity is driving the sale of pricey smartphone data plans.

Feb. 22, 2012, 10:20 AM
T-Mobile USA (DTEGY.PK) asks the FCC to block Verizon's (VZ -0.7%) plan to buy certain wireless spectrum assets from Comcast (CMCSA), Time Warner Cable (TWC) and others, arguing that the sale poses "a clear threat to competition." Additional spectrum would give VZ the ability to raise download speeds for such high-data devices as laptops and smartphones. Feb. 22, 2012, 10:16 AM | 1 Comment
Bruce Berkowitz's Fairholme Capital Management cut substantial parts of stakes in Berkshire Hathaway (BRK.A), Citigroup (C) and Regions Financial (RF) in Q4, and completely sold out of holdings in telecoms AT&T (T), Telefonica (TEF), Verizon (VZ) and Vodafone (VOD). He keeps the faith in Bank of America (BAC), maintaining a stake of nearly 105M shares. Feb. 14, 2012, 5:36 PM | 3 Comments
Netflix (NFLX +4.2%) moves up on positive comments out of Credit Suisse today, saying its strong competitive position hasn't changed with the recent announcements by Verizon (VZ -0.9%) and Coinstar (CSTR -0.8%), or with Amazon.com's (AMZN -1.1%) streaming deal with Viacom (VIAB -0.9%). Feb. 14, 2012, 3:24 PM | 1 Comment
Faced with a steady decline in wireline voice revenues, major telcos such as AT&T (T), Verizon (VZ), and NTT are betting on the massive growth expected for cloud services to give them a lift. Verizon has shored up its cloud offerings by acquiring Terremark, while CenturyLink (CTL) has done so by acquiring Savvis. However, tough competition exists from AMZN, RAX, and others. Feb. 14, 2012, 1:58 PM
More on the iPad: In-line with earlier rumors, the WSJ claims Apple (AAPL) will offer a 4G LTE version of the iPad 3, and that Verizon (VZ, VOD) and AT&T (T) will be among the companies to sell it. The arrival of a 4G iPad would be a slight positive for baseband chip supplier Qualcomm (QCOM), though the unwillingness of many consumers to pay for an extra data plan has hurt sales of 3G tablets thus far. Feb. 14, 2012, 9:29 AM
Buried in a giant Congressional bill is a clause requiring the FCC to ignore factors such as market dominance when determining a company's eligibility for a spectrum auction. The clause is supported by wireless behemoths Verizon (VZ) and AT&T (T) - the latter badly wants more spectrum after the FCC helped block the T-Mobile deal. Sprint (S), T-Mobile, Leap Wireless (LEAP), and others oppose it.

Feb. 9, 2012, 12:48 PM | 1 Comment
DealReporter claims the DOJ will "study" Coinstar's (CSTR +18.3%) planned DVD/streaming JV with Verizon (VZ). Nonetheless, Coinstar remains up sharply today following yesterday's stellar Q4 report. (more) Feb. 7, 2012, 2:01 PM
Verizon (VZ -0.7%) files a shelf registration statement with the SEC disclosing its intent to sell a mix of securities worth up to $10B. Feb. 7, 2012, 11:44 AM
Hudson Square Research's David Ernst doesn't quite buy that the new Coinstar (CSTR -0.1%)-Verizon (VZ +0.3%) JV is the definitive Netflix (NFLX -2.7%)- killer that has been long-awaited and often discussed. He says the two firms won't be able to match the large library of programming that NetFlix has racked up by spending $1B a year on content.

Feb. 6, 2012, 11:04 AM | 1 Comment
Verizon (VZ) and Coinstar (CSTR) announce a joint venture that the firms say will create a subscription service combining new release DVD and Blu-ray rentals with streaming download options. The new product is slated to be introduced in the second half of 2012. Premarket: VZ -0.1%, CSTR +8.5%.

Feb. 6, 2012, 8:41 AM
Political headwinds build against a marketing alliance (I, II) between Verizon Wireless (VZ) and Comcast (CMCSA), as worries that such cooperation could restrict competition and lead to higher prices. Senate Antitrust Subcommittee chair Herb Kohl says he will hold a hearing on the deal, as well as VZ's recent agreements to buy radio frequency licenses from several cable companies. Feb. 2, 2012, 4:54 PM
Senator Al Franken calls on the Obama administration for a probe of Verizon's (VZ -0.5%) deal to purchase spectrum licenses from a host of cable companies - a move that follows an announcement yesterday by Sen. Kohl that his panel will hold a hearing on the issue.

Feb. 2, 2012, 1:00 PM
How to invest in an era of cheap money: dividend stocks, Jim Jubak says. In 2011, a not-too-stellar Merck (MRK) returned 8.9% because it paid a dividend of better than 4%. Verizon (VZ) returned 17.6%, thanks to its 5%-plus dividend. "I don't see any reason that dividend stocks with yields above 3% won't turn in another stellar performance in 2012." Jan. 31, 2012, 9:38 AM | 1 Comment
The iPhone may be great for Apple (AAPL), but the huge subsidies it requires makes it terrible for carriers, laments Nomura. Verizon's (VZ, VOD) incremental service margin easily outpaced AT&T's (T) until it began selling the iPhone, and AT&T's actually turned negative in Q4. Meanwhile, Sprint's (S) upcoming Q4 report is expected to show "over 800 bps of margin contraction."

Jan. 30, 2012, 1:38 PM | 5 Comments
Companies taking a hit from pension contributions is a major theme this earnings season. AT&T (T) contributed $1B to its pension plan in Q4 and took a $6.3B charge in 2011 related to re-measuring its pension and post-retirement benefits. Verizon (VZ) reported similar issues. The moves highlight the downside of shifting to accounting for their pension plans on a mark-to-market basis. Jan. 27, 2012, 3:15 PM
Much like falling voice revenues, DSL's market share losses at the hands of cable are taking a toll on the wireline operations of U.S. telcos. AT&T (T) lost 636K DSL lines in Q4, a figure that can't be offset by U-verse subscriber gains. By contrast, Time Warner Cable's (TWC) Q4 report boasted of a 130K broadband subscriber gain. Verizon's (VZ) reseller agreements with cable companies could worsen matters. Jan. 26, 2012, 7:01 PM
Shares of TiVO (TIVO) perk up after word comes in that the company landed an order lifting the stay in its patent suit against Verizon (VZ -0.5%). After spiking over 3% higher after the judge's ruling broke, shares are back on the retreat and sit down 1.1% on the day. Jan. 26, 2012, 1:46 PM
Just one out of five winners among Dow companies reporting earnings today - McDonald's (MCD -2.3%) posting another strong quarter, DD, JNJ, VZ and TRV not so much - but it's consistent with results so far this earnings season. Of the 20% of S&P firms reporting earnings so far, only 58% have exceeded analyst estimates, well below the typical 70% quarterly beat rate. Jan. 24, 2012, 3:34 PM | 1 Comment
Apple (AAPL -0.8%) investors are unlikely to complain about Verizon's (VZ -2.2%) Q4 report (I, II),. Big Red says 4.3M, or 56%, of the 7.7M smartphones it sold in Q4 were iPhones. By contrast, only 36% of Verizon's Q3 smartphone sales (2M out of 5.6M) involved iPhones, as buyers waited for a new model to arrive. 44% of Verizon's retail postpaid subscribers are now smartphone users, up from 39% in Q3. (previously)

Jan. 24, 2012, 10:16 AM
More on Verizon (VZ) Q4: Net loss of $212M vs. profit of $4.65B, due to non-cash pension items. Wireless: total revenues +13% Y/Y to $18.3B; data revs +19.2% to $6.3B; 1.5M net retail additions; 108.7M total connections; retail service ARPU +2.6%. Wireline: 210K Internet and 194K video net addtions; net broadband connections +98K Q/Q; consumer ARPU +8.5% Y/Y. (PR) Shares -2%.

Jan. 24, 2012, 8:23 AM | 1 Comment
Verizon (VZ): Q4 EPS of $0.52 misses by $0.01. Revenue of $28.4B (+8% Y/Y) in-line. Shares -1.6% premarket. (PR) Jan. 24, 2012, 7:35 AM
Notable earnings before Tuesday's open: AKS, APD, BHI, BTU, CBE, COH, DD, EAT, EMC, HOG, IGT, JNJ, KEY, KMB, MCD, RF, SNV, TCB, TRV, VZ

Jan. 24, 2012, 12:05 AM
Notable earnings before Tuesday's open: AKS, APD, BHI, BTU, CBE, COH, DD, EAT, EMC, HOG, IGT, JNJ, KEY, KMB, MCD, RF, SNV, TCB, TRV, VZ

Jan. 23, 2012, 5:30 PM
Surveys showing iPhone (AAPL) closing the gap with Android (GOOG) in new smartphone purchases seems to suggest Android’s dominance has been driven more by carriers than by the product, Dan Frommer writes. December was the first time a brand new iPhone was available at the top three carriers at once - VZ, T and S. In effect, Apple had been playing with one hand tied behind its back.

Jan. 19, 2012, 9:53 AM
Though Verizon (VZ) has shot down speculation that it's interested in acquiring an online video provider such as Netflix, the telco might be preparing to release a home-grown streaming offering: Fusible notes Verizon recently registered four streaming-related domain names, including verizoninstantmovies.com and verizoninstanttv.com.

Jan. 17, 2012, 11:08 AM | 1 Comment
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) says it will no longer roll out smartphones and tablets on its network that don't support 4G LTE connectivity. The decision represents an attempt by Verizon to exploit its lead relative to T in deploying LTE services, and could be a modest positive for QCOM, given the higher chip content of 4G devices. It also might be another hint the iPhone 5 will support LTE. (yesterday)

Jan. 12, 2012, 1:57 PM | 4 Comments
"Time to sell Apple," declares Thomas Kee of Stock Traders Daily, as it doesn't treat its customers properly. Kee isn't refering to the end users but to carriers like Verizon (VZ) and Sprint (S), whose margins are suffering because of the high cost of the iPhone. These resellers will look for alternatives and eventually find them.

Jan. 12, 2012, 1:06 PM | 5 Comments
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) says it has a long-term goal of having its subscribers use an average of five devices that rely on its mobile network. The carrier, which currently charges extra for tablet data plans and mobile hotspot support, says it will try to facilitate that goal by rolling out shared data plans later this year. AT&T (T) claims it wants to do the same, but won't provide a timetable.

Jan. 11, 2012, 6:27 PM
Liquidity in the telecom and cable sector remains strong, says Fitch, while margins are solid despite competition. These factors should provide a "sufficient buffer to material negative rating changes" in the face of economic headwinds. Of Fitch-rated issuers, 90% have a Stable Outlook, 5% are Positive, and 5% are Negative.

Jan. 10, 2012, 10:52 AM
Netflix (NFLX +11.4%), which soared today after releasing encouraging streaming data, drops 1.5% AH after Verizon (VZ) states at a Citi conference it has no interest in acquiring a streaming services provider. A rumor had previously surfaced that Verizon was eying Netflix. (also)

Jan. 4, 2012, 4:21 PM | 2 Comments
Verizon (VZ -1.4%) takes a bit of a dive as word from a Citigroup conference has the company saying it sold 4.2M iPhones (AAPL) in Q4, but saw profit margins decline 5-6%.

Jan. 4, 2012, 3:56 PM | 1 Comment
Nokia (NOK) +7.7%, possibly on chatter about the popularity of its Lumia 800 phone in Germany and the Netherlands, and speculation that the company will release a 4G LTE smartphone, called ACE, in the U.S. in March with AT&T (T). In addition, the Nokia Lumia 710 will reportedly ship with Verizon (VZ) in April.

Jan. 3, 2012, 9:33 AM | 2 Comments
Verizon Wireless (VZ +0.4%) says it has canceled its plan to charge a $2 one-time payment fee because of customer feedback, according to a Reuters flash. (earlier) Dec. 30, 2011, 3:26 PM | 16 Comments
The Federal Communications Commission says it will look into Verizon's (VZ +0.3%) decision to charge $2 for one-time online and telephone bill payments. "On behalf of American consumers, we're concerned about Verizon's actions and are looking into the matter," an FCC official says. Dec. 30, 2011, 2:40 PM | 14 Comments
The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals yesterday upheld the constitutionality of a law giving telecom companies legal immunity for helping the government with its email and telephone eavesdropping program. The appeal concerned a case that consolidated 33 different lawsuits filed against various telecom companies, including T, S and VZ.

Dec. 30, 2011, 9:41 AM | 1 Comment
No sooner than Verizon (VZ) says it had fixed the latest outage of its high-speed data network, it irks customers further with news it will start charging a $2 "convenience fee" for every payment made over the phone or online with their credit cards. The company says the move is necessary to help pay for "single-bill payment options." Perhaps it should have consulted Brian Moynihan first.

Dec. 29, 2011, 5:38 PM | 38 Comments
Jefferies reiterates a Buy rating on Verizon (VZ +0.6%), believing the company likely benefited from high numbers of customers upgrading cell phone plans because of the new iPhone 4S and faster 4G phones. Considering AT&T’s recent remarks about record quarterly smartphone sales, particularly iPhone sales, Jefferies suspects something similar happened for VZ in the quarter. Dec. 29, 2011, 3:41 PM
Only a day after rampant reports of 4G data service outages, Verizon's (VZ +0.6%) online forum lights up with complaints that customers can't activate new phones including the iPhone. Dec. 29, 2011, 1:53 PM | 2 Comments
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) is dealing with yet another widespread data service outage affecting 4G LTE devices; the outage is its third this month. Verizon has been counting on is early lead relative to AT&T (T) in deploying LTE services to give it a leg up.

Dec. 28, 2011, 2:52 PM | 5 Comments
The iPhone 4S (AAPL) is likely to start off as a margin killer for Verizon (VZ), AT&T (T) and Sprint (S) in the first quarter of sales for the new phone, Wells Fargo says, hiking expectations for VZ iPhone activations by 29% to 4.5M but trimming a penny off expected Q4 EPS. Because of subsidies given to consumers, the more iPhone demand, the bigger the hit to the quarter’s bottom line.

Dec. 23, 2011, 3:38 PM | 5 Comments
Among the stocks making new 52 week highs as year end approaches are faithful big-caps across a number of industries - Wal-Mart (WMT), Pfizer (PFE), Verizon (VZ), and McDonald's (MCD). All yield more than the 10-year Treasury and likely have more adaptive managements than that in D.C. What's not to like?

Dec. 21, 2011, 11:16 AM | 8 Comments
Verizon (VZ +1.2%) gives back some of today's gains after Bloomberg reports the U.S. government will be examining its spectrum purchase/reseller deals with cable providers (I, II, III). Comcast (CMCSA +2.3%) and Time Warner Cable (TWC +1.9%) have also ticked lower, but only slightly.

Dec. 20, 2011, 11:34 AM
NBC (CMCSA +2.6%) announces that the Super Bowl will be streamed online and to Verizon (VZ +1.8%) mobile phones for the first time in history - marking another milestone for the slow shift (Virtual TV: I, II) of live content away from traditional cable and satellite providers.

Dec. 20, 2011, 11:21 AM
In a deal similar to the ones it struck (I, II) with Comcast (CMCSA) and Time Warner Cable (TWC), Verizon (VZ) is buying $315M worth of wireless spectrum licenses from cable provider Cox, and is entering into a partnership in which each company will resell the other's services. Cox announced last month it would discontinue its mobile phone service, partly due to tough competition from the likes of Verizon.

Dec. 16, 2011, 1:19 PM | 1 Comment
Nielsen estimates Americans ages 13-17 exchange a stunning 3,417 texts/month on average, while those ages 18-24 exchange 1,914 texts/month. While all this texting is leading to a decline in voice usage, carriers probably aren't complaining, given the sky-high profit margins attached to text messages. AT&T (T) ignited some controversy in August by eliminating a moderately-priced messaging plan. (previously) Dec. 15, 2011, 1:41 PM | 3 Comments
In a ruling that could help telco and satellite TV services grab subscribers from cable providers, an appeals court has shot down a request by Cablevision (CVC) to review an FCC order requiring it to make its HD local sports content available to Verizon (VZ) and AT&T (T). Cable providers have frequently used their control over local sports programming as a way to discourage subscribers from jumping ship.

Dec. 15, 2011, 12:02 PM
After repeated delays and a Google Wallet controversy, Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) is finally taking orders for Samsung's (SSNLF.PK) Galaxy Nexus, originally meant to be the flagship Android phone for the holiday season. Texas Instruments (TXN) has to be pleased the Nexus is finally available, and so must Google (GOOG), given widespread reports of strong U.S. iPhone sales. (previously)

Dec. 15, 2011, 10:23 AM | 3 Comments
AT&T (T +0.4%) is cut to Underperform at Macquarie, which says the apparent collapse of the deal to acquire T-Mobile will leave it in a weak spectrum position relative to Verizon (VZ). Also, AT&T appears to be offering increased subsidized iPhone upgrades every 12 rather than 24 months, heavily pressuring margins without meaningful new sub or ARPU growth.

Dec. 15, 2011, 9:47 AM | 1 Comment
Veirzon Wireless (VZ, VOD) claims that following the rollout of 4G LTE services in 11 markets tomorrow, the carrier's U.S. LTE network will cover more than 200M people, putting it ahead of a prior, year-end goal of 185M people. AT&T (T), by contrast only expects to cover 70M people with its LTE network by year's end.

Dec. 14, 2011, 3:42 PM | 1 Comment
The Washington Post reports that execs from Carrier IQ are in DC today to meet with officials with the FTC to clear up controversial claims that the software company has placed code on smartphones to track user activity - either unintentionally or by design. Carriers AT&T (T -0.8%), Verizon (VZ -0.2%), and Sprint (S -3.4%) say they use the firm's software in line with their own privacy policies, while Apple (AAPL -2.2%) checks in on the issue by noting it plans to remove Carrier IQ software from future software updates. Dec. 14, 2011, 3:37 PM
A recent government report found LightSquared's 4G network interrupted 75% of GPS receivers, boosting existing fears on the matter. LightSquared has responded by accusing a government official of selectively leaking data, while simultaneously offering concessions to placate regulators. Sprint (S) is hoping LightSquared has its way, while the opposite holds for partner Clearwire (CLWR), not to mention T and VZ.

Dec. 14, 2011, 3:08 PM | 3 Comments
Netflix (NFLX) gives up sharp premarket gains after CNBC's David Faber takes to twitter saying his sources claim no one at Verizon (VZ) has ever discussed buying Netflix with anyone. Shares are -1.1% after being up 5%.

Dec. 13, 2011, 9:04 AM | 5 Comments
Netflix (NFLX) sees continued strength, +4.1% premarket, following continued reports discussing M&A speculation and potential partnerships. “With Verizon, [Reed] Hastings would get a lot broader distribution and global reach,” one source says. Any of the major content companies - perhaps except Time Warner, which has its own HBO Go streaming service - also could want to hook up with NFLX.

Dec. 13, 2011, 8:42 AM | 7 Comments
Netflix (NFLX +7.3%) is soaring on market chatter of Amazon (AMZN) and/or Verizon (VZ) making a play for the company. "I doubt it," tweets one of Seeking Alpha's Netflix watchers, Rocco Pendola. Dec. 12, 2011, 10:43 AM | 7 Comments
BTIG analyst Rich Greenfield says 2012 will see a shift away from traditional cable TV when a "virtual" cable offering emerges on the scene to deliver "real" TV from the web. He envisions a major company lining up a wide score of distribution deals to enable them to offer consumers nearly the same variety of channels for live TV that they have now through cable providers. Potential players: WMT, AMZN, MSFT, DISH, VZ.

Dec. 9, 2011, 11:14 AM
Customers of Verizon Wireless (VZ -1.1%) may be getting testy after the self-proclaimed "most reliable" network experienced another major outage yesterday on its 4G network. As the first carrier to complete a major network overhaul, VZ serves as a guinea pig for the industry on bugs in LTE technology.

Dec. 8, 2011, 12:32 PM
Google (GOOG -0.1%) says it will invest $300M in a Hong Kong data center set to come online in 2013 as it looks keeps up with capacity demand in the region. It's another example of one the big boys setting up their own server farms (I, II) - instead of fanning it out to firms such as Verizon's (VZ -0.9%) Terremark unit.

Dec. 8, 2011, 10:58 AM
The Netflix-like (NFLX) online video service Verizon (VZ) is reportedly working on will be launched in May in partnership with Coinstar's (CSTR) Redbox, claims TechCrunch. Internally called Project Zoetrope, the service will feature both streaming and downloading, and will support a variety of devices. Unlike Netflix, subscription pricing will be based on "credits" rather than all-you-can-eat usage.

Dec. 8, 2011, 7:41 AM | 5 Comments
As Verizon (VZ) gears up to resell Comcast (CMCSA) and Time Warner's (TWC) video services, CEO Lowell McAdam says the carrier is nearing the end of its FiOS buildout, which will cover 18M homes when finished. However, McAdam adds Verizon is shooting for a penetration rate of 50% in FiOS-covered locales; if Verizon hit that target, it would doubtlessly spell more pain for cable providers. (earlier)

Dec. 7, 2011, 1:43 PM
Cablevision (CVC -1.2%) has filed a lawsuit in Federal Court accusing Verizon (VZ -1%) of embarking on an advertising campaign which makes intentionally false and misleading claims related to Cablevision's high-speed Internet service. Despite being fully aware of the false claims, Verizon has refused to stop running its ads, and the company says it's been forced to take legal action to halt them.

Dec. 7, 2011, 11:16 AM | 1 Comment
Verizon's (VZ) alliance (I, II) with Comcast (CMCSA) and Time Warner (TWC) could spell trouble for DSL providers such as AT&T (T), CenturyLink (CTL), and Frontier (FTR), argues Karl Bode. As it is, DSL is often at a competitive disadvantage to rival wireline broadband technologies, and now DSL providers may also have 4G LTE services to contend with.

Dec. 7, 2011, 10:49 AM | 3 Comments
"The competitor we fear most is HBO Go," claims Netflix's (NFLX -2.8%) Reed Hastings. While dismissing competition from Amazon (AMZN), Hulu, and Verizon (VZ), Hastings is impressed with HBO's online video platform, and sees it becoming the core of its offerings. Separately, Time Warner (TWX) CEO Jeff Bewkes says HBO Go users view 30%-50% more content than non-users. (earlier)

Dec. 6, 2011, 4:32 PM
Verizon (VZ +1.2%) plans to launch a stand-alone service allowing customers to stream movies and television shows over the Internet, in a new challenge to Netflix (NFLX -1.9%) and traditional cable TV, Reuters reports. VZ is talking with prospective programming partners about the service, which could be launched in 2012.

Dec. 6, 2011, 3:29 PM | 1 Comment
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) tries to defuse a growing backlash to its decision to block access to Google Wallet (GOOG) - a move that many suspect was done to suppress a rival to its Isis mobile payments JV. A Verizon spokesman claims security issues were responsible for the decision, and that Verizon continues to have "commercial discussions" with Google on the matter.

Dec. 6, 2011, 3:05 PM
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) once again received the highest rating among nationwide carriers in Consumer Reports' annual customer satisfaction survey. Sprint (S) finished a close second, while AT&T (T) received the lowest marks for yet another year. However, it's added the happiest subscribers tend to be those signed up for prepaid plans, and/or with smaller service providers. (yesterday)

Dec. 6, 2011, 11:54 AM | 1 Comment
Following Verizon Wireless' (VZ) deal with Comcast (CMCSA) and Time Warner (TWC) last week that allows them to market mobile-phone services to their customers, Charter Communications (CHTR) CEO Michael Lovett yesterday said he is interested in discussing an alliance with Verizon (VZ) as well. Dec. 6, 2011, 9:29 AM
Sprint (S), which has just finished up bailing out (I, II) Clearwire (CLWR), says it plans to offer its first 4G LTE devices in 2H 2012. Sprint has thus far relied on WiMAX technology rather than LTE to offer 4G services, and that's put the carrier at a disadvantage with regards to the quality of its 4G phone lineup. Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) currently offers 16 LTE devices, with the Galaxy Nexus arriving shortly.

Dec. 6, 2011, 9:04 AM
Google (GOOG) says Verizon Wireless (VZ) is blocking users from installing its Google Wallet payments app on the new Android-powered Galaxy Nexus line of smartphones. A joint venture between VZ, T, and T-Mobile called Isis - due to be launched soon - will be a direct competitor to Google Wallet in the mobile payment space. Dec. 6, 2011, 6:47 AM
With the odds for AT&T's bid for T-Mobile (and its related asset sales) looking increasingly slim, Leap Wireless (LEAP) has decided to conduct a spectrum swap with Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD). Leap will pay Verizon $204M to acquire 12 MHz. of 700 MHz.-band spectrum (better range), and will sell Verizon excess spectrum in higher frequency bands (superior bandwidth) for $188M.

Dec. 5, 2011, 4:34 PM | 1 Comment
JPMorgan's Phillip Cusick predicts the iPhone 4S launch will help Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) deliver a net gain of 1.2M postpaid subscribers in Q4 - above a prior forecast of 1M, and far higher than expected gains of 450K for AT&T (T), and 250K for Sprint (never mind T-Mobile's 400K decline). Moreover, he estimates Verizon's per-unit iPhone subsidy only amounts to $350, below AT&T's $375 and Sprint's $400.

Dec. 5, 2011, 3:40 PM
Also affected by Verizon's (VZ) deal with the cable giants: Dish Network (DISH +6.6%) and DirecTV (DTV -2.2%). Dish rose due to the value of its spectrum assets, which a Wells Fargo analyst pegs at $10B, based on the deal's price tag. DirecTV, which recently extended its reseller agreement with AT&T (T), likely fell due to the prospect of additional competition, courtesy of Verizon's sales force. (more)

Dec. 2, 2011, 4:47 PM
Sprint (S -3.7%) and Clearwire (CLWR +5.4%) head in opposite directions following Verizon (VZ), Comcast (CMCSA), and Time Warner's (TWC) big spectrum/reseller deal (I, II, III). Though nominally bad for both firms, the deal's implications for the value of Clearwire's spectrum is giving it a lift. SR Capital believes Verizon's purchase price translates into an enterprise value of $31/share for Clearwire's spectrum.

Dec. 2, 2011, 4:39 PM
"A complete reordering of the competitive universe as we know it," writes Bernstein's Craig Moffett of the Verizon (VZ) deal to purchase Spectrum. The joint marketing effort between the cable companies (CMCSA, TWX) and Verizon "amounts to a partnership between formerly mortal enemies ... a strategic masterstroke for Verizon." The best deal in town is about to be a bundle of Comcast's broadband, voice, and video combined with Verizon mobile. Dec. 2, 2011, 1:15 PM
In spite of weak sales (I, II) thus far, Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) isn't giving up on high-end Android (GOOG) tablets: CNET reports the carrier plans to sell Motorola's (MMI) upcoming 4G Droid Xyboard devices. Pricing could make or break the products: if Verizon subsidizes Motorola's tablets in exchange for service contracts, they just might not be roadkill for the iPad (AAPL) and Kindle Fire (AMZN). (earlier)

Dec. 2, 2011, 12:07 PM
Verizon's (VZ) agreement to buy $3.6B of spectrum from a group of cable companies ramps up pressure on AT&T (T), which has met resistance to its plan to acquire T-Mobile (DTEGY.PK) over competitiveness concerns, in part because AT&T would leapfrog Verizon in total customers. Verizon's deal wouldn't seem to present such a regulatory challenge, since the added spectrum was otherwise unused.

Dec. 2, 2011, 11:57 AM
Clearwire (CLWR), which owns valuable spectrum assets, is up 7.9% in the wake of Verizon's (VZ) spectrum purchase, adding to yesterday's gains. The Street appears pleased not just with Comcast (CMCSA) and Time Warner's (TWC) windfall, but also with the fact they're retreating (for now, anyway) from the wireless space, where they've struggled to compete. Cox recently gave up on its own mobile efforts. Dec. 2, 2011, 9:26 AM
More on Verizon/Spectrum: The cable companies (Comcast CMCSA, Time Warner TWX) and Verizon (VZ, VOD) will become agents to sell each other's products. Over time, the cable firms will have the option of selling Verizon Wireless service on wholesale basis. VZ +0.5%, CMCSA +4.1% premarket.

Dec. 2, 2011, 9:08 AM
Trying to keep up with the fast-growing demand for bandwidth, Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) agrees to buy Spectrum and its 122 wireless licenses from Comcast (CMCSA) and Time Warner (TWX) for $3.6B. Comcast's share of the proceeds will be $2.3B; Time Warner's, $1.1B. (PR) Comcast +2.6% premarket.

Dec. 2, 2011, 8:56 AM | 1 Comment
LivingSocial plans to step away (audio) from local deals on Black Friday and Cyber Monday to offer national deals from major retailers. The firm's goal is to provide consumers with irresistible offers on the site on those days that will provide vouchers to help drive them back to brick-and-mortar or online stores in the crucial Nov. 28 to Dec 31 shopping period. Partners for the promotion include SFLY, SKX, OMX, VZ, and  NILE.

Nov. 22, 2011, 7:30 AM | 1 Comment
A Credit Suisse list of 20 stocks that reward investors with greater dividend payments than most bonds: KO, MCD, GIS, PEP, PG, JNJ, ABT, KMB, ED, PFE, BMY, SO, MRK, PM, PGN, DUK, LLY, VZ, T, MO. Average yield: 4.2%. Average YTD returns on the underlying stock: 13.3%.

Nov. 16, 2011, 2:59 PM | 1 Comment
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) has a big lead on AT&T (T) when it comes to 4G LTE coverage, and it looks like it  won't be going away anytime soon. Verizon says its LTE coverage will soon reach 179 markets. By contrast, AT&T's LTE coverage will only reach 15 markets by the end of the month. In addition, Verizon will be able to offer the LTE-enabled Galaxy Nexus and Droid Razr to customers.

Nov. 16, 2011, 10:35 AM | 4 Comments
Barron's gives a plug for Corning (GLW) over the weekend, noting the LCD glassmaker trades for little more than book value, and insiders are buying shares. It's also declaring Vodafone (VOD) a buy on account of its emerging-markets exposure, high dividend yield (6.7%), and 45% stake in Verizon Wireless (VZ), among other factors. Nov. 13, 2011, 8:35 PM | 1 Comment
China Telecom (CHA) says it will begin selling wireless service in the U.S. early next year, with the goal of targeting Chinese-Americans, students, and those who travel often between the U.S. and China. Given that China Telecom runs an EV-DO 3G network, it might strike a partnership with Sprint (S) or Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD), both of whom also rely on EV-DO.

Nov. 10, 2011, 11:11 AM | 2 Comments
UBS refreshes its list of 15 most shorted stocks based on the highest concentration of its clients. Blue chips Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) and Citigroup (C) are newcomers to the list. Others: AET, LEN, PANL, NFLX, GMCR, ESRX, CMG, CRM, KMX, LLTC, AMZN, VZ.

Nov. 9, 2011, 5:28 PM | 1 Comment
A recap of the earnings reports of pay-TV providers finds U.S. cable providers CMCSA, TWC, CHTR, and CVC lost a combined 379K video subscribers in Q3. However, telcos T and VZ added 307K video subs between them. Satellite was a mixed bag, with DTV's 327K U.S. subscriber gain offsetting DISH's 111K loss.

Nov. 8, 2011, 1:21 PM
Alcatel-Lucent (ALU -7.7%) is among the hardest-hit Euro tech names, thanks to downgrades from JPMorgan and MKM Partners. JPMorgan is worried about the profits lost by the recent sale of Alcatel's call-center software business, and echoes Jefferies' concerns about declining EV-DO equipment sales. MKM, meanwhile, thinks T and VZ's weak capex is a problem.

Nov. 1, 2011, 2:47 PM
AT&T (T) plans to begin selling its first 4G LTE phones on Sunday, with one of the two devices a 4G variant of Samsung's Galaxy S II. The phones will allow AT&T to catch up a bit to Verizon (VZ, VOD), which began offering LTE phones earlier this year. But Verizon still has a big lead in LTE network coverage.

Oct. 31, 2011, 11:21 AM
Quick take on HTC's Q3: While Samsung's growth may be affecting HTC, the company's soft guidance is likely to boost fears of slowing Western smartphone demand - fears recently stoked by AAPL's iPhone shortfall, and T and VZ's soft smartphone sales. Qualcomm's (QCOM) FQ4 report, due tomorrow, could provide confirmation of a slowdown.

Oct. 31, 2011, 8:26 AM
Anadigics (ANAD +15.5%), a maker of mobile phone power amplifiers, rallies strongly after posting Q3 revenue of $37.3M (-39% Y/Y) and EPS of -$0.12, beating consensus by $1.4M and $0.03. Anadigics has been bleeding share, as Sprint (S) and Verizon's (VZ) rollout of 4G networks leads to declining shipments of the company's 3G EV-DO amplifiers.

Oct. 26, 2011, 11:49 AM
Shares of RadioShack (RSH), down 11.3%, freefall after the company misses EPS and revenue estimates with its Q3 report. The company took a hit to earnings after costs tied to its transition to Verizon (VZ) Wireless prepaid and postpaid products dented gains in revenue. CEO Jim Gooch said in a CC that the shift to a wireless portfolio is "still a work in progress."

Oct. 26, 2011, 9:46 AM
Bernstein's Craig Moffett is slashing AT&T (T -1.8%) to Market Perform, while reiterating an Underperform on Verizon (VZ -0.9%). Moffett believes each telco is facing massive pension liabilities, with poor returns on cash making a bad situation worse. Growing pension expenses were a major factor behind 3M's (MMM -4.8%) guidance cut today. Oct. 25, 2011, 10:24 AM
Nomura finds the valuation argument for Verizon (VZ -1.2%) "uncompelling," noting the company's above-peer growth and network superiority are already baked into its current stock price. Analysts with the firm maintain a Buy rating and $34 price target on shares.

Oct. 24, 2011, 11:30 AM | 1 Comment
Is U.S. smartphone demand slowing down? Morgan Keegan's Tavis McCourt notes AT&T (T) and Verizon's (VZ) smartphone sales declined Q/Q in Q3, with both iPhone (AAPL) and non-iPhone shipments falling. Smartphones now make up over half of all U.S. phone sales, and 45% of AT&T and Verizon postpaid subscribers have taken up smartphone plans. Oct. 21, 2011, 1:54 PM | 1 Comment
More on Verizon's (VZ) Q3: Wireless service revenue +6% Y/Y. 1.3M wireless subscribers added, including 882K retail postpaid (down from 2.2M and 1.3M in Q2). Retail ARPU +2.4% Y/Y to $54.89. Wireline revenue -1.3%, worse than Q2's 0.3% decline. 131K FiOS TV subscribers added, down from 184K in Q2. VZ -0.6% premarket. (PR)

Oct. 21, 2011, 9:03 AM
Verizon (VZ): Q3 EPS of $0.56 in-line. Revenue of $27.9B (+5.4% Y/Y) beats by $20M. Shares -1.2% premarket. (PR) Oct. 21, 2011, 7:44 AM
Notable earnings before Friday's open: APD, DOV, GE, HAR, HON, KCI, KSU, MAN, MCD, SLB, STI, VZ

Oct. 21, 2011, 12:05 AM
Alcatel-Lucent (ALU -9.2%) and Ericsson (ERIC -5.3%) are off sharply following supplier Powerwave's (PWAV -42.5%) huge warning. The former is also being hit by a downgrade from Jefferies - the firm is worried about declining EV-DO equipment sales now that S and VZ are embracing LTE, and thinks 2H North American telecom capex could be weak. (earlier)

Oct. 19, 2011, 1:15 PM | 2 Comments
Apple's (AAPL) newest iPhone reportedly sold out for preorder on the AT&T (T), Verizon (VZ) and Sprint (S) websites, a day before the device officially goes on sale. "It looks like another blockbuster launch for Apple, only this time with three carriers."

Oct. 13, 2011, 6:08 PM | 1 Comment
The payphone business is shrinking rapidly, but that hasn't stopped Pacific Telemanagement Services, a little-known company that agreed to buy nearly all Verizon's (VZ) remaining 50,000 pay phones. PTS will operate nearly 100,000 payphones out of ~425,000 still in existence in the U.S.; Verizon now owns just 4,000, down from a peak of 500,000. Oct. 13, 2011, 11:29 AM
At&T (T) sold over 200,000 iPhone 4S (AAPL) devices within 12 hours of the handset becoming available for pre-order on Friday. This was despite the product receiving a lukewarm reacton from analysts, although sales might have been boosted by the effect of Steve Jobs' death on comsumers' emotions.

Oct. 9, 2011, 6:32 AM | 9 Comments
BTIG's Walter Piecyk provides a brutal recap of Sprint's (S -19.6%) investor day, the news from which (I, I, III) has crushed Sprint shares. Among other things, Piecyk claims CFO Joe Euteneuer was "laughed at" for his failure to provide details about Sprint's costly 4G plans. Tero Kuittinen thinks Sprint's moves are "just awesome for Verizon (VZ)."

Oct. 7, 2011, 3:56 PM
Don't get too excited about the top line jobs number, Kelly Evans reminds, since it's inflated by the 45,000 striking Verizon (VZ) workers who were subtracted from the August number were added back in for September. In other words, underlying job growth is roughly half as strong as today’s headline number suggests. Oct. 7, 2011, 8:39 AM | 9 Comments
Stifel's Tom Roderick claims the role of Synchronoss' (SNCR) software in handling iPhone (AAPL) activations for U.S. carriers is "quietly expanding," making the company well-positioned to benefit from iPhone 4S demand. Synchronoss' products fully handle the iPhone activation process for T, and partly handle it for VZ and S. Oct. 6, 2011, 1:17 PM | 1 Comment
BGR provides the specs for Samsung's upcoming "Nexus Prime" phone, and claims it will be a VZ exclusive in the U.S. Meant to be the flagship Android (GOOG) phone for the holiday season, and the first to run version 4.0 of the OS, the Prime could prove a worthy challenger to the iPhone 4S (AAPL) ... provided its 4.65-inch display isn't seen as too large.

Oct. 6, 2011, 11:22 AM | 2 Comments
Sprint (S) gains 2.1% premarket after the company makes its official iPhone (AAPL) announcement. As expected, Sprint will offer the iPhone 4 and 4S at subsidized prices matching those of VZ and T, but unlike those carriers, will sell unlimited data plans for the phones.

Oct. 6, 2011, 9:19 AM | 1 Comment
Verizon (VZ) and Microsoft (MSFT) make it official, inking a deal to bring live TV to the Xbox 360 without the need for additional hardware. Only a selection of channels will be available, but Kinect users will be able to 86 their remotes and change channels with a wave of the finger. (previous)

Oct. 5, 2011, 12:31 PM
The recent drop in Akamai (AKAM) shares makes it a more attractive takeover target, Bloomberg speculates, suggesting IBM and Verizon (VZ) as rivals that could take a look. Akamai has plunged 57% in the past year, pushing its market cap from $9.9B to ~$3.8B, and is valued at 7.6x EBITDA, almost two-thirds less than a year ago. AKAM +1.6% premarket.

Oct. 5, 2011, 8:57 AM
As regulators continue challenging its planned merger with AT&T (T), T-Mobile remains aggressive on the pricing front. The latest proof: a $30/month plan featuring unlimited text and data, along with 100 voice minutes. The plan could allow T-Mobile to snag some low-end customers from T, VZ, and S, but a relatively weak phone lineup could be a handicap.

Oct. 4, 2011, 10:34 AM
Verizon (VZ) presses an appeals court to block the FCC's net neutrality rules - which forbid broadband service providers from restricting users' access to lawful content - set to take effect Nov. 20. Critics on the other side say the rules are weak and favor providers with large Net presences, like AT&T (T) and Comcast (CMCSA).

Sep. 30, 2011, 6:14 PM
It's still a momentum trade - to the downside. Netflix (NFLX -8.8%) sinks on no fresh news, but shares broke through $125 yesterday so now people want to dump them. Competition hurts: Amazon’s (AMZN) new Kindle will let users stream movies, and Microsoft (MSFT) will get some pay TV content from Comcast (CMCSA) and Verizon (VZ) streamed to its Xbox Live. Sep. 29, 2011, 10:37 AM
Goldman Sachs reiterates a Conviction Buy tag on shares of RadioShack (RSH) to go along with a $17 price target, noting Q3 will be a "transitional quarter" as the company switches out of T-Mobile (DTEGY.PK) to Verizon (VZ). Shares of RSH +0.6% premarket.

Sep. 28, 2011, 8:11 AM
Several major phone vendors are giving their support to the Isis mobile payments JV launched by VZ, T, and T-Mobile. While these moves don't preclude vendors from also supporting Google Wallet, they could throw a wrench into Google's hopes for market dominance. AAPL hasn't yet announced support for either Isis or Google Wallet.

Sep. 27, 2011, 2:27 PM
Apple (AAPL +0.8%) continues underperforming following its expected iPhone announcement, perhaps due to ongoing fears about iPad shipment cuts. However, Piper and UBS are once more issuing bullish notes, believing the iPhone 5 will see strong pent-up demand. Piper expects Verizon (VZ) customers to be especially eager to buy the device. Sep. 27, 2011, 2:09 PM | 3 Comments
Clearwire (CLWR -3%) resumes trading after the stock was briefly halted over reports it was in talks with AT&T (T) and Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) about 4G LTE network use. Just yesterday, Clearwire's CFO had commented that the company would consider selling some spectrum if the right opportunity presented itself.

Sep. 22, 2011, 1:26 PM
While cable companies such as CMCSA and TWC are losing TV subscribers to telcos such as T and VZ, TeleGeogrphy believes this is more than offset by the ability of their broadband and voice businesses to gain share. Worldwide, cable companies now have over 100M broadband subscribers, and over 65M voice subscribers. (earlier)

Sep. 21, 2011, 5:00 PM
While the DOJ and Sprint (S) oppose the AT&T/T-Mobile (T) merger, Verizon (VZ), which could benefit from the removal of T-Mobile as a low-cost competitor, continues to give the deal its tacit support. CEO Lowell McAdam demonstrates this support again today by claiming the merger "had to occur" due to spectrum shortages.

Sep. 21, 2011, 4:46 PM
Verizon's (VZ) CEO predicts a "third ecosystem" will emerge in the next 12 months to challenge Android (GOOG) and iOS (AAPL), given carrier interest in seeing one. Of the 3 possibilities he mentions - Samsung's Bada, Windows Phone (MSFT), and Research In Motion's (RIMM) QNX - Windows Phone appears to have the best shot, given the breadth of its support.

Sep. 21, 2011, 1:59 PM | 2 Comments
Though their voice-related profits are under pressure, text messaging is still a major cash cow for carriers such as VZ, T, and S. A Pew Internet survey estimates U.S. adults sent an average of 41.5 texts/day as of this spring, up from 39.1 in the year-ago period. 18-24 year-olds were by far the most prolific users, averaging 109.5 texts/day. (.pdf)

Sep. 21, 2011, 8:41 AM
Microsoft (MSFT) is reportedly exploring partnerships with Comcast (CMCSA) and Verizon (VZ) to allow Xbox users to access pay-TV services without needing a set-top box from the likes of CSCO or MMI. Last week, the company previewed plans for its Xbox TV platform, which will feature a combination of live and on-demand content.

Sep. 20, 2011, 2:52 PM
TiVo (TIVO -2.2%) slips after Caris' David Miller cuts shares to Neutral. Though considering a settlement to TiVo's patent suits against AT&T (T) and Verizon (VZ) likely, Miller feels "nervous" about their current status, following a delay in the AT&T trial. He also thinks TiVo's risk/reward is unfavorable following its recent run-up. Sep. 19, 2011, 1:11 PM
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) has caused an uproar by declaring plans to throttle 3G connection speeds for heavy data users still on unlimited plans. This move could be marginally positive for Sprint (S), which has targeted data-hungry smartphone users by continuing to offer unlimited plans, and reportedly will soon offer the iPhone (AAPL).

Sep. 19, 2011, 9:34 AM
TiVo (TIVO -0.6%) is down slightly after a trial for a patent infringement suit the DVR maker has filed against AT&T (T) regarding the the latter's U-Verse service is delayed until January. TiVo, which received a $500M settlement from DISH in May, is also suing Verizon (VZ) over its FiOS service. Sep. 16, 2011, 2:40 PM
AT&T (T) will launch 4G LTE service in 5 cities this weekend, and plans to add 10 more by year's end. But this pales relative to the 102 cities covered by Verizon Wireless' (VZ, VOD) LTE network as of July; and for the time being, AT&T's service, unlike Verizon's, won't support any phones, only modems, tablets, and hotspots. Sep. 16, 2011, 8:19 AM | 3 Comments
Clearwire (CLWR +8.6%) shares take off after the struggling carrier announces a partnership with China Mobile (CHL) for developing hardware supporting TD-LTE 4G technology. TD-LTE offers higher potential download capacity than the FDD-LTE tech supported by VZ and T, and can also be deployed in cheaper spectrum.

Sep. 14, 2011, 2:37 PM
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) stays active in the fast-growing market for contract-free phone plans with a new unlimited $50/month prepaid plan set to launch Thursday at its stores and select retailers. Barclays notes the $50 prepaid offer may be as low as VZ goes, in order to prevent "cannibalization" of existing customers with contracts.

Sep. 13, 2011, 5:04 PM
Verizon (VZ) CEO Lowell McAdam states Verizon Wireless won't be paying an annual dividend to its parent companies, ostensibly because the carrier may need the money to acquire rivals or obtain spectrum. In July, Verizon Wireless declared a one-time dividend of $10B, $4.5B of which went to frustrated minority investor Vodafone (VOD). Sep. 12, 2011, 4:49 PM | 3 Comments
Disney's (DIS -1.2%) ESPN extends a deal with the NFL through 2021 for $15.2B. The deal lets the network extend coverage - possibly into playoffs - and allows it to stream programming to Verizon (VZ -0.2%) cellphones.

Sep. 8, 2011, 12:51 PM
UBS is out with its latest list of 15 most shorted stocks based on the highest concentration of its clients, and it includes some blue-chippers: AMZN, JCP, GMCR, ESRX, PBI, CRM, FTR, ECL, BXP, SLG, UA, VZ, JNJ, GS, IBM.

Sep. 6, 2011, 1:35 PM | 2 Comments
Sprint (S -2.3%) files suit to block the proposed AT&T (T -1%)/T-Mobile (DTEGY.PK -6.9%) merger. The carrier claims the deal would "entrench the duopoly control of ... the two 'Ma Bell' descendants," harming retail customers and independent wireless carriers. (PR)

Sep. 6, 2011, 12:27 PM
In the face of increasing warning signs about the health of broader consumer tech sales, Canaccord's Milk Walkley is raising his PT on Apple (AAPL) to $545 from $515, citing strong iPhone 4 sales at AT&T (T) and Verizon (VZ). Walkley is also lifting his 2011 and 2012 iPhone shipment forecasts, and his 2012 iPad forecast. Sep. 6, 2011, 10:13 AM
August jobs numbers were impacted by the 45,000 Verizon (VZ) strikers, but the finance sector actually added jobs in August, and no one sees that growth continuing. "Expect to see more negatives" in financial jobs, IHS Global Insight says. "There will be less deal-making, less lending and there will be pressure on profits. Firms will cut back on people.” Sep. 2, 2011, 5:15 PM | 3 Comments
Nomura thinks there could be a slowdown in iPhone (AAPL) sales in September, as buyers wait for the hotly-anticipated next-gen model, but sees Q4 demand making up for it. The firm also believes Sprint's (S) acquisition of the iPhone may be a mixed blessing for the carrier, as it could trigger a price war rivals T and VZ are better-equipped for.

Sep. 2, 2011, 11:54 AM | 3 Comments
Verizon Communications (VZ) raises its quarterly dividend 2.6% to $0.50/share. It's the 5th consecutive year the firm has boosted its payout, and brings the yield to 5.55%. As comparison, the 10 year Treasury yields 2.17%.

Sep. 1, 2011, 1:07 PM
Wells Fargo reiterates an Outperform on Sprint (S +3.5%) after channel checks show the carrier to be faring well against Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) and AT&T (T), against whom it's struggled in recent years. The firm speculates Sprint, which soared recently on a report it will carry the next iPhone, may be getting a boost from its cheap data pricing.

Aug. 30, 2011, 10:24 AM
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD), AT&T (T), and T-Mobile are forming a $100M mobile payments JV that will enable consumer payments via NFC technology. The venture, named Isis, will compete directly with Google Wallet (GOOG), and has already struck deals with leading credit-card providers. (previously)

Aug. 29, 2011, 7:48 AM
A J.D. Power study finds Verizon (VZ) to be the most reliable wireless carrier in the vast majority of the U.S.; AT&T (T), by contrast, is placed "at or close to the bottom" of rankings for much of the country. Verizon is hoping its reputation for superior coverage and reliability will help the company's premium pricing strategy succeed.

Aug. 26, 2011, 10:18 AM
Earlier it was reported striking Verizon (VZ -1.5%) workers adding to the closely-watched jobless claims, leading to the obvious question: How can a striking worker reap UE benefits? Now comes the answer...only in New York. Verizon workers in the Empire State look to take advantage of a rare law that could open the door to benefits for strikers. Aug. 25, 2011, 3:20 PM | 5 Comments
Verizon (VZ -1.5%) and Intuit (INTU -2.3%) announce a strategic alliance to give small companies the ability to use smartphones and tablets to swipe credit cards using INTU's GoPayment app and VZ's handheld card reader - compatible with most Android phones, Blackberrys, iPhones and iPads. 

Aug. 25, 2011, 2:22 PM
Samsung (SSNLF.PK) reportedly plans to sell its popular Galaxy S II smartphone in the U.S. via AT&T (T), Sprint (S), and T-Mobile - but not Verizon (VZ). At first glance, this is good news for Motorola (MMI) and HTC (HTCCF.PK), and incrementally so for Apple (AAPL). But it's possible Verizon's just waiting for Samsung's rumored 4G Celox phone to arrive.

Aug. 25, 2011, 2:09 PM
Verizon (VZ) is stepping up its efforts to become a leading player in cloud services: Big Red is acquiring CloudSwitch, a developer of software that makes it easier for companies to move applications to cloud platforms such as Amazon Web Services (AMZN), Microsoft's (MSFT) Azure, and Verizon's own Terremark offerings.

Aug. 25, 2011, 11:51 AM
The Labor Department reports at least 12,500 striking Verizon (VZ) workers filed initial jobless claims for the week ending Aug. 13, and another 8,500 were included in the Aug. 20 report released earlier today showing initial claims at 417K.

Aug. 25, 2011, 9:04 AM | 6 Comments
Analysts find mostly good news but some bad in the report that Sprint (S -0.7%) will sell the new iPhone (AAPL). Wells Fargo: "With an iPhone in its arsenal, S’s value message will continue to resonate with customers - especially vs. T and VZ." But "be careful what you wish for," Baird says, citing pressure on Sprint’s EBITDA given "upfront iPhone subsidy costs."

Aug. 24, 2011, 10:35 AM | 1 Comment
Verizon (VZ) may have settled its labor dispute with workers, but the 45K strikers will be added into the August unemployment report - only partially offset by VZ's replacement workers. As a result, the closely-watched jobs number will likely come in weaker than originally forecast for Aug. Aug. 22, 2011, 4:33 PM | 2 Comments
Around 45,000 Verizon (VZ) workers are due to start returning to work this evening after a 15-day strike, enabling the carrier to avoid major losses from a prolonged walkout. Negotiations over a new contract will continue.

Aug. 22, 2011, 8:32 AM
Verizon's (VZ) 45,000 striking workers will head back to work on Tuesday - but without a deal. Two employee unions will keep negotiating a new contract, but it looks like the company's decision to suspend health benefits at month's end will get strikers back on the job for now. Aug. 20, 2011, 3:33 PM | 6 Comments
Mobile analytics firm Validas estimates data consumption by AT&T (T) and Verizon (VZ) smartphone owners grew 116% and 150%, respectively, over the last 6 months - likely fueled by soaring iPhone and Android sales, and higher mobile video usage. ERIC, JNPR, FFIV, and ALLT are some of the names that stand to gain from higher capex to support mobile data services.

Aug. 17, 2011, 11:35 AM
Verizon (VZ) tells 45,000 striking workers it will suspend basic medical benefits at the end of the month if they haven’t returned to their jobs, a move union officials call a “scare” tactic. Verizon is asking the employees to pay more for health benefits, while the unions say the company is profitable and executive compensation is healthy.

Aug. 17, 2011, 10:29 AM | 2 Comments
Time Warner Cable (TWC) could announce today a deal to buy Insight Communications from Carlyle Group for around $3B, reports say. The purchase comes as cable customers move to telecom carriers such as Verizon (VZ), while others are canceling their subscriptions in favor of online video. Aug. 15, 2011, 2:42 AM
Sprint Nextel (S +1.6%) cancels plans to sell a version of the BlackBerry PlayBook on its 4G network. The decision means Research In Motion (RIMM +0.7%) has yet to find any support for its tablet from the three top U.S. wireless carriers, while the iPad (AAPL) is advertised and supported by both AT&T (T) and Verizon Wireless (VZ), and it's displayed prominently in stores.

Aug. 12, 2011, 2:44 PM | 1 Comment
With bank CDs and government bonds paying a pittance, the value of large-cap stock dividends becomes even more compelling, Hale Stewart writes. Check out the latest dividend yields of these Dow stocks: T 6.28%, VZ 5.94%, MRK 5.1%, PFE 5.04%, INTC 4.37%, GE 4.24%, JNJ 3.87%, PG 3.74%, DD 3.66%, HD 3.65%.

Aug. 11, 2011, 3:14 PM
Verizon's (VZ +0.4%)  CEO stands his ground and reiterates today at a tech conference that labor contracts need to be changed, a proposal the union finds unacceptable with the firm profitable. Also a hot issue for VZ right now is the iPhone 5: When will it come? And how much can it add to the bottom line?

Aug. 10, 2011, 2:07 PM
Viewers are canceling or forgoing cable and satellite TV subscriptions in record numbers, according to an analysis of quarterly earnings reports, but it's not clear how much of the decline is caused by people adjusting to tough economic times or if they're watching cheap internet video. Analysts place the number cutting the cable cord during Q2 at 380K-450K. Aug. 10, 2011, 1:58 PM | 6 Comments
Embattled Verizon (VZ) faces even more reports of sabotaged equipment in central New York including disruptions to 911 service, landlines and cell services emanating from an ongoing labor dispute. Shares -1.1% premarket.

Aug. 10, 2011, 9:28 AM | 3 Comments
Cablevision (CVC) drops 10% after reporting Q2 results that fell short of expectations. The Street might be particularly bothered by a 27K sequential decline in video subscribers, and a mere 5K gain in broadband subscribers - another indication of strong competition from VZ and T. Time Warner Cable (TWC) also fell after announcing Q2 results. (PR)

Aug. 9, 2011, 11:11 AM
Verizon Communications' (VZ) strike heats up after only its second day. The company says it's repaired over 12 separate acts of sabotage since the strike began, and accuses picketing workers of illegally blocking access to numerous company work centers. Shares closed -5.5%.

Aug. 8, 2011, 5:05 PM | 3 Comments
Verizon Communications (VZ) entire unionized work force of 45K - most of whom are in the declining wireline side of the business - goes on strike after failure to reach agreement over a new labor contract. The company activates a contingency plan aimed at limiting disruptions in service. Aug. 7, 2011, 8:02 AM | 12 Comments
Verizon (VZ) activates a contingency plan to limit disruption as 45K unionized workers, mainly at its declining wireline unit, go on strike after contract talks stall. The union says the concessions the firm wants over healthcare, pensions and work rules are unjustified given that Verizon is highly profitable.

Aug. 7, 2011, 5:49 AM | 3 Comments
Alcatel-Lucent (ALU) and Ericsson (ERIC) have struggled to cope with soft carrier spending, but they can take comfort in their top-3 positions in the market for gigabit passive optical network (GPON) gear. Infonetics sees healthy growth for European GPON deployments, and previously forecast the North American market picking up thanks to Verizon's (VZ) investments.

Aug. 4, 2011, 10:06 AM
Gartner sees the number of mobile connections worldwide rising to 7.4B in 2015 from 5B in 2010, with mobile data revenue rising 115% along the way. Mobile data has been driving revenue growth for T, VZ and S, but the largest beneficiaries of these trends will likely be carriers in developing markets, such as CHL, CHU, MBT, and AMX.

Aug. 4, 2011, 8:01 AM
Strategy Analytics estimates 13% of U.S. households will subscribe to a "quad play" package of telecom services by 2016. That should benefit T and VZ, who are well-positioned to offer such packages in many areas, and be detrimental to CMCSA, TWC, and CVC, who have struggled to successfully bundle mobile services via partnerships.

Aug. 2, 2011, 2:32 PM
AT&T (T -1.2%) may have reason for concern about lousy earnings from MetroPCS (PCS -32.3%) and Sprint (S -4%), Dave Kansas muses, since its proposed deal with T-Mobile (DTEGY.PK) would look better to regulators if AT&T had more competition. Sprint and others opposed to the deal will have a stronger argument that AT&T/T-Mobile would be too powerful.

Aug. 2, 2011, 10:42 AM | 1 Comment
More on MetroPCS (PCS): Q2 earnings missed the mark as margins declined on higher costs and a sharp slowdown in subscriber growth. New customer growth was the lowest in nearly 2 years as the pre-paid wireless provider tries to remain relevant in a market dominated by Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD)and AT&T (T). Shares -16.5% premarket.

Aug. 2, 2011, 8:55 AM
Apple (AAPL +1%) shares gain after Piper Jaffray says its survey points to a "significant pent-up demand" for the next iPhone, particularly at Verizon (VZ). A delay in the launch of iPhone5 to October would cut Q3 profit, but iPhone market share "could more than double throughout the next round of phone purchases." Also, Canaccord raises its price target to $515 from $510.

Aug. 1, 2011, 2:56 PM | 1 Comment
The mobile payments space continues to heat up: Verizon (VZ) is partnering with American Express (AXP) to enable quick payments, and white-hot startup Square now expects to process $8M/day in transactions by October. Google (GOOG) and eBay's (EBAY) PayPal unit both have lofty ambitions for the mobile payments market.

Aug. 1, 2011, 9:19 AM
While Vodafone (VOD +4.6%) is seen as the big winner in Verizon Wireless' decision to pay a $10B dividend, Verizon (VZ -1%) proper will benefit as well. With Verizon's wireline division generating little cash as its local phone business steadily declines, it needs its share of the payoff to keep paying its quarterly dividend to shareholders.

Jul. 29, 2011, 4:20 PM | 1 Comment
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) declares a $10B special distribution. Verizon shareholders - a 55% owner in the joint partnership - will receive $5.5B to be paid on January 31, 2012. Vodafone will receive $4.5B, and has declared a £2B special dividend payable to its shareholders as well. VZ +0.8%, VOD +5% AH.

Jul. 28, 2011, 5:48 PM | 11 Comments
The Communications Workers of America, the largest union representing Verizon (VZ) workers, has voted to authorize a strike following the end of their current contract on 8/6 - though history suggests a deal could happen beforehand. Verizon is seeking major concessions regarding health care expenses, pay raises, and its ability to fire workers.

Jul. 28, 2011, 2:35 PM
Time Warner Cable (TWC) drops 4.2% after releasing Q2 results. The market isn't pleased with the loss of 130k residential video subscribers, below analyst estimates, as competition from AT&T (T) and Verizon (VZ) takes its toll. Comcast (CMCSA -1.2%), Cablevision (CVC -0.8%), and Charter (CHTR -1.9%) are moving lower in sympathy. (PR) (transcript)

Jul. 28, 2011, 12:53 PM
While networking equipment vendor Motorola Solutions (MSI) is up 15% since the old Motorola split up, Motorola Mobility's (MMI) shares are down 25%, with its smartphone share plunging and its Xoom tablet struggling against Apple's (AAPL) iPad. Motorola hopes the 4G Droid Bionic, due at Verizon (VZ) later this summer, will give it a lift. Jul. 27, 2011, 3:51 PM
Ahead of Juniper's (JNPR) Q2 results today, there are concerns about whether the company can benefit further from Cisco's (CSCO) struggles. Investors are also concerned about customers waiting for upgrades to the company's innovative QFabric switching platform, and mixed capex messages from AT&T (T) and Verizon (VZ).

Jul. 26, 2011, 9:23 AM
Research in Motion (RIMM) is set to release its BlackBerry Bold 9900/9930 and Torch 2 models today, with Verizon (VZ) outing the former through a promotional video. Both devices will contain version 7 of its BlackBerry OS, which RIM is hoping will boost its crumbling market share and rekindle diminishing consumer interest.

Jul. 26, 2011, 9:10 AM
More on Radioshack (RSH): despite missing Q2 estimates on a 53% drop in sales, RadioShack (RSH) is trading higher in the premarket session after the company announces it will begin offering Verizon (VZ) products in September. Shares +17% premarket.

Jul. 26, 2011, 8:38 AM
Bernstein's Craig Moffett sees cable providers such as Comcast (CMCSA), Time Warner Cable (TWC), and Cablevision (CVC) having a rough Q2, expecting them to collectively lose 322K subscribers. However, Moffett doesn't see "cord cutting" as a big culprit, given the cable losses are offset by 386K net additions for AT&T (T) and Verizon's (VZ) fiber-based services.

Jul. 22, 2011, 4:41 PM
A review of Verizon (VZ) and AT&T's (T) Q2 results shows the former outpacing the latter: While Verizon added 2.2M total subscribers and 1.3M retail post-paid subs, AT&T added 1.1M and 331K, respectively. AT&T did beat Verizon in iPhone activations, though this was likely impacted by AT&T having a larger iPhone user base to draw upgrades from. Jul. 22, 2011, 3:35 PM | 1 Comment
Along with its Q2 results, Verizon (VZ) announces its board has promoted COO Lowell McAdam to President and CEO, as part of a succession plan established last year. Ivan Seidenberg, who has had the job in some form since 2000, will be stepping down at the end of the month.

Jul. 22, 2011, 8:04 AM
More on Verizon's (VZ) Q2 results: Wireless service revenue +6.6% Y/Y. Wireline service revenue +17.8% Y/Y. Retail postpaid churn lowest in three years. "We expect Verizon Wireless to gain share in the retail postpaid market and widen its network-quality lead throughout 2011. Shares +1% premarket. (PR)

Jul. 22, 2011, 7:45 AM
Verizon (VZ): Q2 EPS of $0.57 beats by $0.02. Revenue of $27.5B (+2.8% Y/Y). (PR) Jul. 22, 2011, 7:26 AM
Notable earnings before Friday's open: APD, CAT, COL, CPX, DOV, FLIR, GE, HON, MCD, RAI, SLB, STI, USG, VOLVY.PK, VZ, XRX

Jul. 22, 2011, 12:05 AM
Pandora's (P +1%) internet music streaming service launches for TV customers of Verizon's (VZ +0.8%) in four states beginning today, and will be available in more markets shortly. Pandora sees its quiet period end on July 25.

Jul. 20, 2011, 12:19 PM
Samsung (SSNLF.PK) says it will release its Galaxy S II Android phone, which has seen booming international sales, to U.S. carriers in August. It's been speculated the phone will be sold by AT&T (T), Verizon (VZ), and Sprint (S), much like its predecessor. The Galaxy S II's U.S. invasion could upend Motorola's (MMI) comeback plans.

Jul. 20, 2011, 11:52 AM
Flurry Analytics believes the Verizon (VZ, VOD) iPhone and the iPad's popularity have halted Android's momentum with app developers: only 28% of "new project starts" for iOS and Android involved the latter in Q2, compared with 36% in Q1. However, this drop could also be due to developers finding it harder to profit from Android.

Jul. 14, 2011, 2:22 PM | 2 Comments
Only 8 months after it began offering 4G service, Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) will cover its 100th market next week. With a few 4G phones also available (and more coming), Verizon is opening a major lead in 4G relative to AT&T (T), which will begin offering service in just 5 cities this summer, and only via a laptop card and Wi-Fi hotspot. Jul. 13, 2011, 10:00 AM
Quick take on Apple/China Telecom: Developing an iPhone for China Telecom would be relatively easy for Apple, since Apple has already released an EV-DO iPhone for Verizon (VZ), whereas no iPhone exists that uses China Mobile's TD-SCDMA technology. In addition, there are questions about China Mobile's long-term commitment to TD-SCDMA.

Jul. 13, 2011, 9:25 AM
Verizon (VZ) is trying to squeeze significant concessions from its unions ahead of an Aug. 6 contract renewal deadline affecting 45K workers. Among changes being discussed: a closer link between pay and job performance, a suspension of this year's pension accruals and forced employee contributions to health-plan premiums.

Jul. 13, 2011, 7:14 AM | 3 Comments
IDG analyst Bob O'Donnell claims 3G tablet sales have been "very slow," as consumers balk at paying for another data plan. The fact that much tablet use occurs in places where Wi-Fi is often available (homes, offices, coffee shops, etc.) could also be a factor. Regardless, this isn't news that AT&T (T), Verizon (VZ), and Sprint (S) want to hear.

Jul. 11, 2011, 9:35 AM
iSuppli claims the HTC Thunderbolt, which has sold well through Verizon (VZ), carries the highest component cost of any phone it's analyzed. Qualcomm (QCOM) probably isn't bothered - based on iSuppli's data, there's likely over $60 worth of Qualcomm 3G and 4G chips inside each unit. Qualcomm also collects a hefty royalty on each unit sale.

Jul. 8, 2011, 4:56 PM
While AT&T (T) is seeing slowing wireless growth, Verizon (VZ) is expected to have a standout Q2 on the back of iPhone sales and demand for 4G handsets such as HTC's (HTCCF.PK) Thunderbolt and Samsung's (SSNLF.PK) Droid Charge. Low-cost carrier MetroPCS (PCS) has also benefited from its early adoption of 4G. Jul. 8, 2011, 3:26 PM
Motorola Mobility (MMI) is hoping the Droid 3, announced today with Verizon (VZ), can lift its sagging Android share. The phone's impressive specs and global roaming support should appeal to business users, but the lack of 4G support is a notable omission. Motorola's first 4G device, the Droid Bionic, might be arriving in August.

Jul. 7, 2011, 10:23 AM | 1 Comment
The market for data centers for internet servers is at risk of overheating, WSJ reports. Revenue will reach $8.1B this year, but insiders say supply may outpace demand by 50% soon. Facebook, Google (GOOG) and Apple (AAPL) build their own server farms, contributing to a squeezed market for providers like Verizon's (VZ) Terremark subsidiary.

Jul. 7, 2011, 10:18 AM
With a healthy lead over AT&T (T) in deploying 4G services, and arguably possessing the best coverage and phone lineup of any carrier, Verizon (VZ) appears comfortable offering "luxury pricing" for its service plans. The company has to hope the additional profits produced by loyal customers outweigh any defections from price-sensitive ones.

Jul. 6, 2011, 2:16 PM | 3 Comments
Verizon Wireless (VZ -1.5%, VOD) pulls the plug on unlimited data plans, an option it had put in place at least partially to encourage more AT&T (T) subscribers to defect. As consumers gobble up more bandwidth, carriers are starting to realize that all-you-can eat isn't feasible. Jul. 6, 2011, 8:28 AM | 2 Comments
Smartphone subsidy expenses are damaging the margins of U.S. carriers, according to Moody's. The average phone subsidy is now $138, and Apple's (AAPL) iPhone is subsidized by $450. Moody's sees AT&T (T) and Verizon (VZ) weathering the storm, but believes Sprint (S), Leap (LEAP), and MetroPCS (PCS) could have a harder time.

Jul. 5, 2011, 4:26 PM | 2 Comments
Baby Boomers nearing retirement shouldn't get too conservative, as rising life expectancies plus escalating healthcare costs force a rethinking of the conventional wisdom of cashing in stocks for bonds. Mark McLaughlin's a list of 14 "stocks with staying power" as core holdings: VZ, JPM, NVS, BA, ABT, RTN, FCX, PBR, CAT, CMCSA, TJX, EPB, BWP, BDN. Jul. 5, 2011, 2:38 PM | 1 Comment
A few days after placing total iPhone shipments at 24M-25M in Q3, DigiTimes reports that Apple (AAPL) recently placed an order for 15M iPhone 5 units, set to begin shipping in September. In addition, Verizon (VZ) may be about to cut the price of the 16GB iPhone 4 to $150.99, perhaps to clear inventory ahead of an iPhone 5 launch.

Jul. 5, 2011, 10:44 AM | 3 Comments
Goldman Sachs adds Comcast (CMCSA -0.6%) to its Conviction Buy List, eyeing higher shareholder returns from dramatically rising dividend payouts and share buybacks by 2012. Comcast likely will be the only broadband vendor, including AT&T (T) and Verizon (VZ), to increase the number of broadband subscribers, Goldman predicts.

Jun. 24, 2011, 2:35 PM
Credit Suisse downgrades Motorola Mobility (MMI -2.8%), saying "competitive headwinds are intensifying" from Verizon (VZ +0.4%) and other Android vendors, pressuring margins going forward. The firm cuts its 2011 EPS view by 27% and lowers its price target to $19.

Jun. 21, 2011, 10:10 AM | 2 Comments
Wireless spectrum in the U.S. is so limited - and Americans' appetite for bulky media like video so voracious - that wireless broadband won't be truly able to handle it "for a long time to come," says Motorola Mobility's (MMI +2.3%) Sanjay Jha. Peak speeds of 4G networks rival wireline, but the standard broadband provided to homes by cable companies should continue to dominate.

Jun. 16, 2011, 1:35 PM
Oppenheimer's upgrade of Verizon (VZ +1.5%) propels shares to the top of Dow gainers. “VZ has premiere wireline and wireless networks and has spent almost a decade spending substantially higher capex and is set to see very strong [free cash flow] growth going forward,” a research note says.

Jun. 8, 2011, 3:53 PM
Verizon's (VZ) debut Q1 iPhone (AAPL) sales of 2.2M units were well short of industry-watcher estimates of 3-4M units - leading to at best a temporary setback for Android (GOOG) sales. The gap between estimated and actual iPhone shipments widened to 39.4% in Q1 from 29.3% in Q4, implying weaker than expected demand. (Digitimes) Jun. 3, 2011, 4:00 AM | 2 Comments
Sprint (S), once last in customer satisfaction among the biggest national wireless providers, now has the happiest subscribers, along with longtime leader Verizon Wireless (VZ), according to a new American Customer Satisfaction survey.

May 17, 2011, 3:40 PM
AT&T (T -0.4%) becomes the second carrier after Verizon (VZ -0.2%) to say it will sell Cisco's (CSCO +0.8%) Android-based Cius tablet computer. AT&T plans to offer the device in the fall to business customers but didn't disclose a price. (PR)

May 11, 2011, 11:48 AM
AT&T (T), Verizon (VZ) and T-Mobile USA (DTEGY.PK) are scaling back their Isis mobile payments JV and will not build a network that would collect fees on transactions. The carriers are now creating a "mobile wallet" that stores a user's credit card information, but they need a new business plan, which is good news for traditional card companies like Visa (V) and MasterCard (MA). May 4, 2011, 8:23 AM
A number of mobile phone firms are moving today, in sympathy with MetroPCS (PCS +8.3%) after it added record customers in Q1. MetroPCS said in a call it hoped an AT&T (T)/T-Mobile (DTEGY.PK) tie-up would free up divested spectrum to smaller companies that need it for growth. T +1.6%; VZ +0.9%; DTEGY.PK +0.7%; USM +0.6%. May 3, 2011, 11:58 AM
After about a day's worth of outage, Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) says its nationwide 4G network is up and running. Apr. 28, 2011, 11:52 AM
Earlier this week, the 4G network rollout was going well for Verizon Wireless (VZ +1.5%, VOD +0.9%), but the company notes its network is now down, reportedly nationwide - a black eye for a firm that prides itself on service stability.

Apr. 27, 2011, 1:29 PM | 2 Comments
Another cloud storage stock bites the dust as CenturyLink (CTL) acquires SAVVIS (SVVS) for $2.5B, or $40/share, an 11% premium. CenturyLink is the third largest telecom provider in the U.S.; the deal gives it more enterprise heft to compete with AT&T (T) and Verizon (VZ).

Apr. 27, 2011, 7:33 AM
Shares of USA Technologies (USAT) +22.8% premarket after the provider of cashless services says it is teaming with Verizon Wireless (VZ) to offer credit and debit-card payments at vending machines. (PR)

Apr. 26, 2011, 9:24 AM
The power of the iPhone (AAPL): After learning of AT&T's (T) big drop in customers taking out long-term contracts after losing iPhone exclusivity, new iPhone provider Verizon (VZ -2.6%) says it added 906,000 contract-based wireless subscribers in Q1, more than double Y/Y. In total, Verizon activated 2.2M iPhones - but Wall Street had expected more. Apr. 21, 2011, 3:46 PM | 1 Comment
Verizon (VZ): Q1 EPS of $0.51 beats by $0.01. Revenue of $26.99B (+0.3% Y/Y) beats by $0.13B. Shares -2.1% premarket. (PR) Apr. 21, 2011, 8:11 AM
Notable earnings before Thursday's open: ADS, AEP, APD, BAX, BBT, BIIB, BX, COF, COL, COV, CY, DD, DHR, DO, DOV, ENTG, ESI, FHN, FITB, FNFG, GE, GNTX, GR, IR, JBLU, JNS, KSU, LH, LUV, MCD, MS, NEM, NOK, NUE, NYT, PCX, PM, PNC, PPG, RAI, SLB, STI, TCB, TEL, TPX, TROW, TRV, UAL, UNH, VZ, WFT, XRX

Apr. 21, 2011, 12:05 AM
AT&T (T -0.4%) subscribers are still buying iPhones, but net new subscribers of just 62K (vs. 512K a year ago) underscore the impact Verizon's (VZ +1.7%, VOD +1.5%) entry has had on AT&T's ability to draw new customers.

Apr. 20, 2011, 12:46 PM
Transactions by CEOs and CFOs are John Dorfman's favorite form of insider intelligence, offering what he sees as the best predictions of future stock movements. Recent such activity sparks his interest in AOL, Dell (DELL), Verizon (VZ) and General Growth Properties (GGP). Apr. 18, 2011, 3:11 PM | 2 Comments
Well, now we can breathe easier: Apple (AAPL) reportedly will start selling the white version of its iPhone4 in the next few weeks, following a 10-month delay, and will be available from AT&T (T) and Verizon Wireless (VZ). The release has been stalled as Apple resolved manufacturing challenges, including paint that peeled under heat.

Apr. 14, 2011, 9:26 AM | 2 Comments
A split FCC votes that AT&T (T) and Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) must allow smaller competitors to use their networks for data transport - essentially giving data the same status there as voice calls. The two companies prefer the current voluntary deals, but for data, "roaming deals are simply not being widely offered" and investment and competition will follow, FCC head Julius Genachowski says.

Apr. 7, 2011, 12:46 PM | 1 Comment
Amazon (AMZN +0.6%) is in the news again, as Bloomberg reports that the company is exploring a mobile payment service. It would pit Amazon against Google (GOOG), Apple (AAPL) and the joint effort among AT&T (T), T-Mobile (DTEGY.PK) and Verizon (VZ), which are developing their own services that would let consumers pay for goods in stores using their mobile phones. Mar. 31, 2011, 3:41 PM | 3 Comments
Investors may be following the potential merger of AT&T (T +2.3%) and T-Mobile (DTEGY.PK +1.1%), but the real telecom to watch is Vodafone (VOD -0.1%), fund manager David Green says. In a year or so, huge cash flow will start to come out of Verizon (VZ +0.9%), and 45% of it will go to Vodafone. When that happens, Green believes Vodafone could substantially raise its dividend yield. Mar. 30, 2011, 3:40 PM
Unsurprisingly, AT&T (T) CEO Randall Stephenson says to expect divestitures of assets and customers as the company moves through a lengthy approval process for a $39B takeover of T-Mobile (DTEGY.PK), but that it's too early to know what's required beyond that. Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) is certainly keeping an eye on some castoff assets that it might scoop up.

Mar. 30, 2011, 12:25 PM
The smartphone market should grow 49% this year, four times faster than the overall mobile phone market, IDC reports - though that's off last year's 74% growth on pent-up demand. The firm says shipments will pass 450M units, Android (GOOG) will take the OS lead with 39.5% share to Apple's (AAPL) 16%, and that by 2015 Windows Phone (MSFT) will be No. 2 behind Android. Mar. 29, 2011, 11:34 AM | 2 Comments
Robert W. Baird upgrades AT&T (T +1%), Verizon (VZ +0.8%), Leap Wireless (LEAP +4%) and Metro PCS (PCS +2.1%), calling AT&T's proposed acquisition of T-Mobile (DTEGY.PK) a "watershed event" benefiting all wireless carriers. "Reducing the number of nationwide providers... should improve pricing stability, which is all the more important in the face of surging data traffic."

Mar. 28, 2011, 9:55 AM | 2 Comments
Regulators should block AT&T’s (T) planned takeover of T-Mobile (DTEGY.PK), FT's John Gapper writes. The U.S. already performs badly in fixed-line broadband services in terms of price and speed compared with other countries, and unless they're stopped, Verizon (VZ) and AT&T are on their way to replicating in mobile the power they exert in fixed-line, Gapper says. Mar. 24, 2011, 9:37 AM | 3 Comments
T-Mobile (DTEGY.PK) customers who had dumped AT&T (T) - and there are many - aren't going back. "Look at the comment stream of almost any article on the deal and you will find similar reactions," Chunka Mui claims, adding that this sentiment, on top of the long regulatory approval process, will create opportunities for Verizon (VZ) and others to poach T-Mobile customers.

Mar. 23, 2011, 5:50 PM | 6 Comments
Sprint (S +2.5%) CEO Dan Hesse says he believes that AT&T's (T -0.6%) plan to take over T-Mobile (DTEGY.PK) would stifle innovation and hurt consumers. He gets support from consumer groups who worry that the deal would effectively render Verizon (VZ) and AT&T a duopoly: "They can totally cream the other guys... for consumers, [prices] will go up."

Mar. 22, 2011, 4:26 PM | 4 Comments
Verizon Wireless (VZ) CEO Daniel Mead says he has no interest in buying Sprint (S) even though Verizon will lose its top U.S. position in a merger of AT&T (T) and T-Mobile (DTEGY.PK). So who might come calling? 24/7's Doug McIntyre speculates that a buyer, such as SK Telecom, could come from overseas. "There is a sucker born every minute even among the world’s largest companies."

Mar. 22, 2011, 10:25 AM | 4 Comments
The AT&T (T) deal "would be phenomenal... if it happens," Credit Suisse's Jonathan Chaplin says, but a merger between two of the four biggest U.S. cellphone operators carries “enormous” regulatory risks. “We can’t see how [AT&T] would get this through without massive divestitures and concessions... We have never seen a deal with more regulatory risk attempted in the U.S." Mar. 21, 2011, 2:10 PM | 3 Comments
How the AT&T (T) deal for T-Mobile (DTEGY.PK) might affect the competition: Verizon (VZ) may consider a deal with Sprint (S), MetroPCS (PCS +6.2%) or Leap Wireless (LEAP +12.8%), though they would come with “a variety of issues.” Sprint is at risk since it has lost a potential merger partner and faces an even bigger competitor, while Clearwire’s (CLWR -3.2%) predicament has "grown worse."

Mar. 21, 2011, 10:25 AM | 1 Comment
AT&T's (T +1.8%) purchase of T-Mobile USA (DTEGY.PK +12.9%) means Sprint (S -12.3%) is further eclipsed by Verizon (VZ +3.1%) and the new AT&T; "three out of every four wireless subscriptions [would] belong to those two companies [and] puts [Sprint] into a much weaker no. 3 position," likely forcing it to compete more aggressively on price to differentiate itself and attract subscribers.

Mar. 21, 2011, 10:12 AM
Vodafone (VOD) and Verizon (VZ) plan to pool their enterprise units and share some network equipment costs, according to a report in the Sunday Times. The move comes as Vodafone nears a deal to get a dividend from Verizon Wireless for the first time since 2005.

Mar. 13, 2011, 1:44 PM | 2 Comments
Sprint (S) is once again considering a tie-up with T-Mobile USA (DTEGY.PK) as both struggle to stay competitive with larger rivals AT&T (T) and Verizon (VZ). But sources say a quick deal is unlikely, as the firms disagree on deal price and the leadership structure of a combined company.

Mar. 9, 2011, 7:41 AM | 2 Comments
Aside from the appearance of Steve Jobs (still on medical leave), few surprises so far in Apple's (AAPL +1%) event: The iPad 2 is coming March 11, thinner, lighter and with front and back cameras, and available on AT&T (T) and Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) from the start. The tablet generated $9.5B in revenue last year.

Mar. 2, 2011, 1:29 PM | 4 Comments
Consumer Reports says Verizon's (VZ) iPhone4 (AAPL) has the same "you're holding it wrong" problem as the AT&T (T) version: "It can occur when you hold either version of the phone in a specific but quite natural way in which a gap in the phone's external casing is covered. The phone performs superbly in most other respects, and using the iPhone4 with a case can alleviate the problem." Feb. 25, 2011, 2:51 PM | 3 Comments
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) sales of the iPhone (AAPL) haven't met the partners' expectations so far, according to industry blogger the Boy Genius Report. Online pre-orders came to 550K units, and just 14% of buyers were owners of the AT&T (T) version. (via)

Feb. 16, 2011, 1:12 PM | 6 Comments
Putting a spin on the AT&T (T) globe: CEO Randall Stephenson says the industry benefits from his company's loss of exclusivity on the iPhone (AAPL) because of all the free promotion: “It’s good for the industry; you can’t turn on a TV now without seeing an Apple commercial." Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) expects to activate up to 2M iPhones in the first quarter; AT&T activated 15.2M in 2010.

Feb. 15, 2011, 1:10 PM
Whatever the reason for yesterday's Apple (AAPL +0.7%) mini-flash crash - rumors on Steve Jobs' health, short lines for Verizon (VZ) iPhone sales - Stephen Leeb thinks the "ecosystem" Jobs has created will maintain "very strong growth" for at least five or six years, with or without Jobs at the helm. Apple holds only 10% market share for PCs and is fourth in mobile sales, so there's still "lots of head room" to grow. Feb. 11, 2011, 2:23 PM
A teardown of the iPhone (AAPL) that Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) is offering (officially launching today) shows it's 9% cheaper to make than the AT&T (T) version, iSuppli reports. Looking inside the phone may hint at what's happening in iPhone 5. (previously)

Feb. 10, 2011, 4:54 PM
Verizon Wireless (VZ -1%) began selling the iPhone in stores this morning, drawing surprisingly sparse crowds at Apple's (AAPL -1.2%) flagship Manhattan store. It's not as bad as it looks, Dan Frommer writes - sold-out pre-orders suggest plenty of interest in the Verizon iPhone - but the thin crowds likely are behind weakness in Apple shares today.

Feb. 10, 2011, 3:42 PM
Apple's (AAPL) reportedly working on a new version of its iPad, with a front-facing camera and faster processor. The lighter, thinner device will initially be available through Verizon (VZ) and AT&T (T), but not through Sprint (S) or T-Mobile (DTEGY.PK).

Feb. 9, 2011, 8:06 AM
Qualcomm (QCOM +1.8%) scores a "major design win" in iSuppli's preliminary tear-down of the new Verizon (VZ) iPhone (AAPL), sparking shares to new two-year highs. New smartphones and tablet devices also are expected to drive strong growth for Qualcomm, and growing demand for CDMA devices also boosts royalties for the company beyond chipset sales, given its broad reach of patents.

Feb. 8, 2011, 3:12 PM
Verizon Wireless (VZ -0.7%) halts online iPhone (AAPL +0.6%) sales after what CEO Dan Mead calls "the most successful first day sales in the history of the company... And when you consider these initial orders were placed between the hours of 3 a.m. and 5 a.m., it is an incredible success story." (PR)

Feb. 4, 2011, 10:11 AM | 2 Comments
Verizon (VZ), facing a jump in data consumption as it begins selling iPhones (AAPL), says it will prevent users from downloading entire videos at once and may start slowing down the data connection of its heaviest users when its network is stressed. The limitations would apply only to customers now signing up for new or renewal contracts.

Feb. 3, 2011, 4:44 PM
A few glitches are reported on the first day Verizon (VZ) customers can pre-order the iPhone (AAPL) via Verizon’s website. WSJ's Walt Mossberg and NYT's David Pogue each give a thumbs-up to Verizon's version of the iPhone in their respective reviews, citing better voice reception and fewer dropped calls than the AT&T (T) model. Mossberg warns that AT&T seems to offer faster downloads. Feb. 3, 2011, 2:10 PM
The new normal for AT&T (T): Now that the iPhone (AAPL) is seeing other people (VZ, VOD), AT&T hails the upcoming Atrix from Motorola (MMI) - an Android (GOOG) phone - as "the world's most powerful smartphone." Would that have happened last year? (previously)

Feb. 3, 2011, 1:08 PM | 2 Comments
Verizon (VZ +0.8%) will buy back up to 100M shares ($3.6B worth) in a refresher of its repurchase authorization program. The company has about 2.8B shares outstanding.

Feb. 3, 2011, 11:11 AM
Verizon (VZ) will start taking preorders for the iPhone on Thursday, and Apple (AAPL) will kick off online sales Feb. 9 and hit store shelves the next day. A basic voice plan including 450 minutes will cost $40/month, a voice and text plan including unlimited text messages will start at $60/month, and a separate data plan for getting e-mail and the Web will cost $30/month.

Feb. 2, 2011, 5:35 PM
UBS lists 15 stocks their clients are shorting heavily right now: FSLR, GMCR, CIEN, JNJ, CRM, BBBB, GCI, NFLX, ROVI, SLG, VZ, X, BAC, HOT, CREE. Feb. 1, 2011, 5:55 PM | 3 Comments
Samsung's (SSNLF.PK) Galaxy Tab isn't having the kind of debut company execs had hoped for. Samsung may have shipped 2M Galaxy Tabs to retailers last quarter, but Samsung admits sales have been 'quite small.' Worse than that, the consumer return rate is hovering around 16% vs. a 2% return rate for the iPad at Verizon. Feb. 1, 2011, 10:30 AM
With Verizon's (VZ -0.1%) buyout of Terremark (TMRK +0.1%) potentially changing the cloud game, the CEO of rival Savvis (SVVS +1.6%) admits he doesn't know if his firm will be in standalone mode in 12 months. "It’s very difficult to say," he says. "But right now, we’re running business just like we did last week." Jan. 31, 2011, 3:59 PM
UBS launches Motorola Mobility (MMI -6.2%) coverage with a Hold, given the firm's long-term success is iffy in this Darwinian wireless market. Motorola's new products will only "somewhat offset" the challenges posed by the upcoming iPhone 5 (AAPL +0.7%) and iPad 2, and Verizon's (VZ -0.5%) new status as an Apple supplier.

Jan. 31, 2011, 3:29 PM
Nokia's (NOK +0.6%) Symbian OS is no longer the leading worldwide smartphone platform. In Q4 2010, Google (GOOG) became number 1, with Android-based smartphone shipments hitting 33M - compared to 31M Symbian-based devices. But it's a big pie: 101M smartphones shipped in Q4, a growth rate of 90% from Q4 2009.

Jan. 31, 2011, 9:28 AM
The FCC files motions to dismiss challenges to its net neutrality rules, calling the claims premature. Last week Verizon (VZ) sued the FCC, claiming it had no right to oversee the web. But Verizon "filed too early," says an FCC official.

Jan. 28, 2011, 4:18 PM
Verizon's (VZ -1.8%) $1.4B bid for Terremark (TMRK +34.7%) has not only lifted the latter's stock to a 52-week high, but also those of at least two other web/cloud companies that might be the next takeover targets. They are Savvis (SVVS +15.4%) and Rackspace (RAX +6%). Jan. 28, 2011, 3:20 PM
Verizon's (VZ -2%) plans to keep cloud infrastructure provider Terremark's (TMRK +34.9%) management in place is puzzling. Terremark has lost money for 2 years - but at least the company's real estate is "both valuable in its own right and an asset that Verizon can wring some profit out of." Terremark owns 13 data centers globally.

Jan. 28, 2011, 1:48 PM
AT&T's (T -1.7%) Q4 results lead 2 analysts to cut their ratings. UBS cuts the stock to Hold from Buy, citing new competition from Verizon's (VZ -1.4%) iPhone (AAPL -1.2%) will cause a loss of 100K contract subscribers in Q1. Cowen reduces its rating to Neutral from Buy, as stalled earnings growth will "prevent the stock from outperforming the market."

Jan. 28, 2011, 11:37 AM
Some of Terremark's (TMRK) peers are enjoying a premarket boost after the Verizon (VZ) takeover announced late yesterday: SVVS +16.7%, RAX +7.7%, INAP +7.6%, EQIX +6.1%. TMRK +36.2%, VZ -0.2% premarket.

Jan. 28, 2011, 8:46 AM
Verizon (VZ) says it will buy Terremark Worldwide (TMRK) for $19/share in cash, or $1.4B, a 35% premium over today's closing price of $14.05/share. Verizon expects to close the tender offer late in Q1. TMRX halted; VZ +0.4% AH. (PR)

Jan. 27, 2011, 5:10 PM
Apple's (AAPL) eastern prospects are looking good, with Asian revenue up 147% in the last quarter, notes Bernstein Research. Apple will probably launch 20 new stores in China this year that eventually will garner $2B annually. Bernstein predicts new distribution deals with Asian carriers that boost iPhone sales by 7M to 8M units per year.

Jan. 27, 2011, 4:38 PM
Apparently, Verizon (VZ) will let existing corporate customers buy an iPhone (AAPL) on Feb. 3, a week before the general public. It's also offering some existing AT&T (T -3%) iPhone customers a chance to trade in their devices for a credit when buying the Verizon iPhone 4. The market will watch the outcome of this offer closely.

Jan. 27, 2011, 2:45 PM
Sanford Bernstein notes AT&T's (T -2.9%) Q4 marked the "Twilight of Monogamy" - or the loss of iPhone (AAPL -0.1%) exclusivity. But in Q4, AT&T only added a disappointing 400K contract wireless subscribers, while the Street wanted to see 541K. Now it must contend with Verizon (VZ -0.3%) and its new iPhone.

Jan. 27, 2011, 11:23 AM
Premarket, Motorola Mobility (MMI) is -7.6% after offering weak guidance for Q1, although it reported a profitable Q4. Motorola sees a Q1 net loss per share of $0.09 to $0.21. That exceeds the $0.08/share loss consensus estimate.

Jan. 27, 2011, 8:31 AM
Microsoft (MSFT +1.6%) shipped 2M units of the Windows Phone 7 OS last quarter, compared to sales of 16.24M iPhones (AAPL +1%) in Apple's Q1. As a consolation, customer satisfaction for WP7 is 93% - and that, along with "active developer support," hint at long-term sales volumes, says an exec. Jan. 26, 2011, 2:19 PM
Apple's (AAPL) plan to add mobile phone payment technology to its devices could boost Broadcom (BRCM), says Wedge Partners. The chipmaker is already testing the enabling near field communications tech. The aggressive Broadcom even has "numerous" handset payment design wins - possibly even the iPhone's. Jan. 25, 2011, 4:31 PM
To encourage more AT&T (T +0.6%) subscribers to defect, Verizon (VZ +1.2%) will at least briefly offer iPhone (AAPL) buyers a $30 unlimited data plan. "I’m not going to shoot myself in the foot," said Verizon COO Lowell McAdam. AT&T has offered tiered pricing since last summer.

Jan. 25, 2011, 3:42 PM
During its Q4, Verizon (VZ +0.9%) added 872K wireless contract customers, beating analysts' estimates, which ran from 600K to 724K. This just increases how many subscribers it can push the iPhone (AAPL) on. Q4 revenue for the wireline business dipped 2.8% to $10.3B, as customers defected to mobile or cable services.

Jan. 25, 2011, 2:59 PM
In a bad omen for Research in Motion (RIMM), after a 2-month trial, Deutsche Bank Equity Research (DB) will swap out its BlackBerry email and communications system for an iPhone (AAPL)-based one. In addition to superior usability, the iPhone had the App Store as a "huge competitive differentiator."  Jan. 25, 2011, 12:43 PM
Nokia (NOK) is -4.3% on expectation it will report yet more handset market share loss in Q4. It faces rivals like Apple (AAPL +0.3%) on one side, and low cost Asian vendors at the other. "It is caught in a pincer movement," notes Strategy Analytics, which predicts Nokia's Q4 market share will be about 33%, down from 2009 Q4's 39%.

Jan. 25, 2011, 11:33 AM
Sources says Apple (AAPL -0.7%) has selected Taiwan-based contract manufacturer Pegatron to produce 'at least' 10M iPhone 5 units. Given Apple will probably also use Foxconn (FXCNY.PK) to produce the device, the initial batch of the model could be much bigger. Pegatron is trying to fulfill its existing 12M to 15M iPhone 4 order.

Jan. 25, 2011, 9:44 AM
Sources claim the iPhone (AAPL -0.2%) and iPad will get a 'near-field communication' boost to let customers make mobile purchases. This is a no-brainer, given the boom in mobile transactions. It could also cut out middlemen like PayPal (EBAY) and lower Apple's transaction costs. Jan. 25, 2011, 8:12 AM
Verizon Communications (VZ): Q4 EPS of $0.54 misses by $0.01. Revenue of $26.39B (-2.6% Y/Y) misses by $0.09B. (PR) Jan. 25, 2011, 6:43 AM
Notable earnings before Tuesday's open: AKS, BHI, BTU, COH, DD, DGX, EAT, EMC, ERIC, GLW, HOG, JNJ, KEY, KMB, MMM, NEE, RF, TLAB, VZ, X Jan. 25, 2011, 12:05 AM
A Baird survey says 11% of Verizon (VZ +0.3%) feature phone users will buy the new iPhone (AAPL), and another 18% claim a purchase is probable. A quarter of Verizon smartphone users will probably switch, too. This may dampen 2011 earnings - which Baird estimates will be $2.10/share, below the average of $2.21/share.

Jan. 24, 2011, 2:27 PM
Research In Motion (RIMM +1.1%) hopes to fend of the iPhone (AAPL +2.2%) by offering software to let BlackBerry users segregate personal info from work apps like email. This will further differentiate BlackBerry from Apple and Android (GOOG -0.4%) phones, which are used professionally and privately without proper security.

Jan. 24, 2011, 12:08 PM
Research in Motion (RIMM -1.3%) hopes offering more enterprise-class tools that provide security and compliance will end CIO flirtation with the iPhone (AAPL -1.2%). It will offer a BlackBerry client for SharePoint (MSFT -0.8%), and middleware for app integration and to manage cloud-based mobile devices.

Jan. 21, 2011, 2:00 PM
Verizon (VZ +1.1%) will report a pre-tax charge of $600M for 2010 because of changes in its pension accounting method. The new policy, similar to one adopted by AT&T (T +0.3%), means it recognizes pension plan gains and losses in the year they happen. This "effectively moves $20.2B worth of future losses into the past," notes one observer.

Jan. 21, 2011, 9:53 AM
Verizon (VZ) asks a federal appeals court to overturn the FCC's net neutrality rules. The lawsuit is the first of several challenges expected to be filed. At the other end of the spectrum, public interest groups continue to insist net neutrality doesn't go far enough. Jan. 21, 2011, 7:55 AM | 2 Comments
T-Mobile (DTEGY.PK) will boost sales by $3B by 2014 and is mulling partnerships to access enough spectrum to build a next-gen wireless network. The carrier has trailed rivals who benefitted from 3G networks. It plans to rebound with new data plans and LTE services, while reducing 2011's churn rate to 2%, down from 2.4% in Q3 2010. Jan. 20, 2011, 11:01 AM
Sources say Nokia (NOK +1.2%) nixed the rumored U.S. launch of its X7 smartphone on the AT&T (T +0.1%) network, for reasons that are unclear. Nokia needs to beef up its smartphone presence in the U.S. where it lags. Nevertheless, Nokia states it's "working hard with our U.S. carrier partners."

Jan. 20, 2011, 9:46 AM
The Q1 iPhone (AAPL) surge clearly won't help struggling Nokia (NOK -1.3%), which is expected to see continued profit decline. Apple's "stellar" quarter shows smartphone demand - but Apple's strength also will hurt "others struggling to gain traction in an extremely competitive and over supplied high-tier segment," says CCS Insight.

Jan. 19, 2011, 9:21 AM
With all the excitement around Apple's (AAPL +1.9%) Q1 numbers, analysts "blew their chance" to grill executives for hints about CEO Steve Jobs and the future. And COO Tim Cook answered one product road map query with: "I don’t want to let anyone know about our magic because I don’t want anyone copying it."

Jan. 19, 2011, 8:28 AM
Clearwire's (CLWR +2.4%) directors elect John Stanton as the new chairman, replacing Craig McCaw, who abruptly resigned last month. An industry veteran, Stanton has been a company director since 2008. Earlier this month, the board also appointed former CEO of Clearwire Benjamin Wolff as director to fill McCaw's empty slot.

Jan. 18, 2011, 1:23 PM
AT&T's (T -0.1%) pension accounting changes won't affect cash flow, notes an upbeat Gimme Credit, reiterating an Outperform rating on company bonds due in 2019. And this summer, AT&T may benefit from the next-gen iPhone (AAPL), which Verizon (VZ -1.7%) will probably delay introducing.

Jan. 18, 2011, 11:47 AM
As if things weren't tough enough on Apple (AAPL -3.3%), the venerable Consumer Reports is urging buyers to delay buying Verizon's (VZ -1.5%) iPhone. The iPhone 4 has enough flaws to merit waiting to procure the next-gen model that will ship in the summer. The current iPhone 4 is only a "transitional" device.

Jan. 18, 2011, 11:26 AM | 2 Comments
Sources claim Taiwan-based contract manufacturer Pegatron Technology will ship from 12M to 15M CDMA-based iPhones (AAPL -3.9%) in 2011. That exceeds Pegatron's own previous 10M iPhone estimate, presumably because of surging Verizon (VZ -1.2%) subscriber demand. Pegatron is already shipping the devices.

Jan. 18, 2011, 9:45 AM
Interim Apple (AAPL -4.4%) head Tim Cook has as COO already been running the firm. Unlike CEO Steve Jobs, he's not a "visionary," but a workaholic "intense operator type." The last time Jobs took medical leave, Cook stated: "We believe that we're on the face of the earth to make great products and that's not changing."

Jan. 18, 2011, 8:11 AM | 1 Comment
Verizon (VZ -0.3%) is creating the first real battlefield between Android (GOOG +0.6%) and the iPhone (AAPL +0.2%). Verizon fields proven Android handsets, including the Droid (MMI +2.2%) and the Fascinate (SSNLF.PK), and some will run on its 4G LTE network. Apple faces a tough fight here, but one that may dictate the rest of the war.

Jan. 14, 2011, 12:02 PM
Experts speculate Apple (AAPL -0.2%) redesigned the iPhone 4 for Verizon (VZ -0.2%) with multiple cellular antennas, presumably to avoid the "death grip" problem that plagued AT&T (T +0.4%) last summer with lost calls. Verizon no doubt has learned what to avoid. A survey says AT&T, given its spotty service, will lose 26% of its iPhone users to Verizon.

Jan. 14, 2011, 10:04 AM | 2 Comments
JPMorgan downgrades mobile marketing apps maker Smith Micro Software (SMSI -14.4%) to Neutral from Overweight. Given Smith Micro's recent full year guidance, JPMorgan believes the stock price already reflects any benefits from the iPad (AAPL) and the Verizon (VZ +0.8%) LTE launch.

Jan. 13, 2011, 3:22 PM
JPMorgan launches telecom coverage on 14 stocks, noting Sprint (S +0.7%), through its operational turnaround, has the "largest potential upside" over the next 3 years. But AT&T (T -0.3%) and Frontier (FTR +0.1%) have the highest cash flow yields. Overall, telecoms are seeing strong cash flow in 2011.

Jan. 13, 2011, 1:48 PM
The Verizon (VZ) iPhone (AAPL) will be a boon for Qualcomm (QCOM), which will collect royalties on its CDMA technology, as well as revenues from the embedded wireless chip in the device, says Morgan Stanley. Predicting the sales of 13M Verizon iPhones, Qualcomm should see $130M in extra chip revenue this year. QCOM -0.2% AH.

Jan. 12, 2011, 5:08 PM
Verizon's (VZ +0.1%) deal for the iPhone (AAPL +0.6%) took 4 years of wrangling over branding, revenue sharing, and quality measures. Clearly, any rival wanting to break into the exclusive iPhone club will have to endure a few hurdles to get there. That alone may give AT&T (T +0.6%) and Verizon some extra breathing room. Jan. 12, 2011, 2:59 PM
The Verizon (VZ) iPhone 4 (AAPL) may resemble AT&T's (T) version, but the guts are quite dissimilar, in part so the device can run on Verizon's CDMA network. This also means Verizon's iPhone can't transmit voice and data simultaneously, and it won't work in as many countries as AT&T's GSM-based device does. Jan. 12, 2011, 10:50 AM | 1 Comment
Goldman Sachs downgrades AT&T (T +0.5%) to Neutral from Buy, given Verizon (VZ) is now officially an iPhone (AAPL +0.4%) reseller. For 2011, it believes Verizon's proportionate revenue growth will surpass AT&T's by 4.6%. But Piper Jaffray also is Neutral on Verizon, believing it won't "steal an excessive number" of AT&T customers.

Jan. 12, 2011, 10:00 AM
Deutsche Bank downgrades Verizon (VZ +0.8%) to Hold, based on limited potential upside to the stock, preferring AT&T (T) as a Buy. But Goldman upgrades Verizon to Buy from Neutral, claiming Street estimates don't fully reflect 2011's wireless opportunity, and there will be continued share price outperformance.

Jan. 12, 2011, 9:33 AM | 1 Comment
Verizon (VZ) may spend $3B to $5B in subsidies to move its iPhone 4 (AAPL), so while the device may win it subscribers from AT&T (T), it will also crimp its own profits. "You basically write customers a $400 check," says UBS. Verizon earnings will drop to $2.20/share in 2011, from an estimated $2.26/share in 2010, says UBS.

Jan. 11, 2011, 3:43 PM | 1 Comment
The fact that Verizon's (VZ) iPhone 4 (AAPL) won't exploit the carrier's 4G LTE network may boost Motorola Mobility (MMI) long term, says C.L. King. In Q2, Motorola will field a Droid Bionic phone and the Xoom tablet, both optimized for Verizon's LTE. After an operating loss in Q1 because of the new iPhone, these devices might let Motorola rebound. Jan. 11, 2011, 3:08 PM
The recent drop in the share prices of Verizon (VZ -2%) and AT&T (T -1.8%) is perhaps more about investors attempting "to figure out the impact of the Verizon iPhone (AAPL -0.3%) than the long-term financial and dividend picture for those two companies," notes Richard Shaw. What counts most is data delivery - not declining wireline revenue.

Jan. 11, 2011, 1:17 PM
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) will sell the iPhone 4 (AAPL), a rebranded version of the existing device, starting on February 10, at a base price of $200. The data plan pricing info wasn't publicly available yet. The move most likely will squeeze AT&T (T -1.3%), which has been mocking Verizon's network capability.

Jan. 11, 2011, 11:36 AM
Moody's cuts ratings on convertible notes for RadioShack (RSH) - now pressing 52-week lows, -2.4% to $17.05, just part of a rough week for the mobile-dependent company as Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) announces its iPhone (AAPL).

Jan. 11, 2011, 11:30 AM
After much speculation and anticipation, Verizon (VZ -1.9%) makes it official: the Verizon iPhone 4 (AAPL -0.3%) is coming early next month. Verizon has been preparing the launch carefully, testing its network to make sure it has adequate spectrum, says Verizon Wireless CEO Dan Mead.

Jan. 11, 2011, 11:13 AM
The rumored Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) iPhone (AAPL) could cannibalize Android (GOOG) shipments by the million, given pent-up demand from subscribers who had no Apple alternative with the carrier, say some analysts. On the other hand, AT&T (T) may have a new incentive to push Android units and offset any losses. Jan. 11, 2011, 8:56 AM | 1 Comment
After Motorola Mobility's (MMI) impressive debut as a new company at CES, where it announced 3 new smartphones and the Xoom tablet, Morgan Keegan cut its rating to Market Perform from Outperform. Morgan Keegan noted disappointment at "not seeing a fully functioning tablet." MMI closed at -2.4%.

Jan. 10, 2011, 4:32 PM
With all the excitement on the possible Verizon (VZ) iPhone announcement tomorrow, Apple (AAPL) broke its 52-week high of $336.35/share. Apple is flat, and Verizon +0.1% AH. Jan. 10, 2011, 4:09 PM
RadioShack (RSH) is -5.7% on expectation its finances will suffer if Verizon (VZ) and Apple (AAPL) formally announce their iPhone union. RadioShack depends heavily on mobile phone sales, isn't a Verizon partner, and just lost its kiosks in Sam’s Club (WMT), to boot. This is likely to be a "tough week" for RSH, notes Goldman Sachs. Jan. 10, 2011, 12:19 PM
Despite AT&T's (T) claims, Verizon (VZ) has been building up its network to handle iPhone- (AAPL) like devices handily, say sources. Unlike AT&T, Verizon feels its network is robust enough to offer unlimited data-usage plans if it does start selling iPhones this month, as rumored. iPhone traffic has hurt AT&T's service levels. Jan. 10, 2011, 11:37 AM
The rumored deal between Verizon (VZ +0.4%) and Apple (AAPL +1%) isn't quite that of equals, argues Kaufman Bros. Given softening Android (GOOG -0.8%) demand over the past 2 quarters, Verizon has been bleeding share to AT&T (T -1.4%). Verizon would probably pay a premium to preserve iPhone exclusivity.

Jan. 10, 2011, 10:45 AM
Even before Verizon (VZ +0.3%) unveils its rumored iPhone (AAPL +1.3%), AT&T (T -1.5%) is already launching an assault on it. AT&T says Verizon's CDMA technology is slower than AT&T's GSM network. "The iPhone is built for speed, but that's not what you get with a CDMA phone," says an AT&T spokesman. Jan. 10, 2011, 9:52 AM | 1 Comment
Verizon Wireless' (VZ, VOD) rumored unveiling of its iPhone (AAPL) in a New York event on Tuesday may mark an industry sea change, say analysts. This move would result in a surge of iPhone sales, and most likely let Apple fend off challenger Google (GOOG) and its partners. Premarket, VZ +1.2%, VOD -0.4%, GOOG -0.1%.

Jan. 10, 2011, 8:23 AM
Sure enough, Verizon Wireless' (VZ, VOD) Tuesday press conference is set to confirm its version of the iPhone (AAPL). Much of AT&T's (T) subscriber growth has come from its 3.5-year exclusive hold on the device; it could see 1M-3M fewer new subscribers with Verizon in the mix. (previously) Jan. 8, 2011, 12:25 AM | 7 Comments
Verizon (VZ) suspiciously issues invites to a press conference for next Tuesday. It announced plenty at CES - does it now want to talk iPhone (AAPL)? Verizon is +0.3% and Apple +0.2% AH.

Jan. 7, 2011, 4:43 PM | 1 Comment
Ultra-secretive Apple (AAPL) canceled employee vacation requests from February 3 through 6 in several U.S. regions, sources claim. Now there are whispers this is when the much-expected Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) iPhone launches. Jan. 7, 2011, 1:23 PM
Given the explosion of wireless web and data users, U.S. airwaves face overload and expanding congestion, and "consumer frustration will grow with it," warns FCC chair Julius Genachowski. The FCC and the Commerce Department are trying to locate unused spectrum, and Genachowski favors incentive auctions. Jan. 7, 2011, 8:26 AM
Verizon Wireless' (VZ, VOD) temporary promotion charging $10 for limited data service resulted in a surge in subscribers. Now that that offer is due to expire in January, the company is "considering every option," including making the plan permanent. Premarket, Verizon is -0.4% and Vodafone is -1.6%.

Jan. 7, 2011, 8:11 AM
Dell (DELL +2.5%) jumps into the tablet PC melee at CES, announcing its new Streak 7 device, which will run on T-Mobile's (DTEGY.PK) 4G network. The Streak is aimed at families who want multi-media content. Under the covers is the next-gen dual-core Tegra 2 (NVDA) chip and the Android OS (GOOG). (PR)

Jan. 6, 2011, 2:29 PM
A telecom selloff marked the past hour's stock dip, with declines in AT&T (T -2%), Verizon (VZ -2.4%), MetroPCS (-6.9%) and Leap Wireless (LEAP -1.5%). But: Sprint (S) +0.4%, Deutsche Telekom (DTEGY.PK) +0.6%. And Clearwire (CLWR) is up 9.9%. Stocks are off session lows: The Dow -0.3%, S&P 500 -0.3%, Nasdaq +0.1%.

Jan. 6, 2011, 11:34 AM
Analysts give a cautious thumbs-up to Motorola Mobility’s (MMS +2.6%) CES performance, as it unveils its Xoom tablet, new phones, and a phone 'lapdock' that allows the device to function as a laptop. Gleacher & Co. believes the new Droid Bionic phone for Verizon (VZ -2.1%) will help offset losses caused by the upcoming Verizon iPhone (AAPL). Jan. 6, 2011, 11:11 AM
AT&T (T) is accelerating its Long-Term Evolution project to get 4G services online by mid-2011, with new Android (GOOG) based-devices from Motorola Mobility (MMI), HTC, and Samsung (SSNLF.PK) in the works. In all, AT&T will offer 20 4G devices this year, in part to offset any potential losses when it ceases to have iPhone (AAPL) exclusivity.

Jan. 5, 2011, 1:29 PM | 1 Comment
No wonder so many vendors will enter the tablet PC race: 2010's U.S. sales of 10.3M will probably double in 2011, says Forrester. Users will replace the devices as if they were cellphones. And "many first-gen iPads (AAPL) will end up entertaining the kids in the back of the car while Mom and Dad get the shiny new model."

Jan. 4, 2011, 4:08 PM
Apple (AAPL +0.2%) stock reaches $331.37/share, creating a new 52-week high. This is possibly the result of some sort of tablet PC ripple effect from CES, although officially, Apple's not even in attendance. Then again, even if it's not there, Apple's there in mind, anyway.

Jan. 4, 2011, 3:27 PM
At least 100 new tablet PC models will soon hit the market in hopes of duplicating the iPad's (AAPL +0.2%) success. Despite the pundits' predictions, picking a winner is tough, as "the possibilities for successes and failures are endless." But at least one very likely bit of "road-kill" has been identified: the netbook.

Jan. 4, 2011, 3:02 PM
Wells Fargo (WFC +0.6%) will test a new mobile phone payments service, 3 years after a prior trial failed. The new experiment will involve 200 employees using near-field communications technology. The technology may handle as much as $22B in payment transactions by 2015, up from almost zero in 2010.

Jan. 4, 2011, 2:26 PM
The market overall doesn't like Apple (AAPL), given the momentum of the Android OS (GOOG), said Oppenheimer. Street respect, as well as revenues, will increase if, as expected, Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) offers the iPhone in 2011. Access to Verizon's network might even mean Apple's "willing to make some sacrifices," including caving on price.

Jan. 4, 2011, 11:49 AM
Google (GOOG -0.4%) may leverage its Android footprint to create a mobile payment and advertising service, say sources. It's no surprise Google is ready to enter the near field communications race. In November, a consortium of companies, including Verizon (VZ +1.%), formed the Isis mobile payments venture.

Jan. 4, 2011, 11:29 AM
For Motorola (MOT) spin-off Motorola Mobility (MMI) to succeed, it must "defy history," given no mobile phone maker has ever bounced back to the top after plummeting. Motorola's handset business was number 2 worldwide in 2007, and is now seventh. But Mobility will probably see revenue of $12.6B in 2011, say analysts.

Jan. 4, 2011, 9:37 AM
Credit Suisse downgrades Ericsson (ERIC) to Neutral from Outperform, claiming the shares offer "less compelling upside," and there are "more compelling stories elsewhere globally." Last month, Goldman Sachs also downgraded the firm. Premarket, Ericsson is -1.2%.

Jan. 4, 2011, 8:41 AM
Motorola (MOT) formally splits Tuesday into Motorola Mobility and Motorola Solutions. Motorola shareholders of record on Dec. 21 will get 1 share of Mobility for every 8 shares of Motorola they held. Motorola shares will then go through a 1-for-7 reverse split and become Motorola Solutions shares. Jan. 3, 2011, 4:49 PM
As expected, Toshiba (TOSBF.PK) is unveiling its 10-inch Tablet touchscreen PC for consumers, which will run Android's (GOOG) Honeycomb OS. The unit will ship by mid-year - but the firm's in the race for the long haul. "We are going to embrace this category, and we are looking to develop a family of tablets," says an executive. Jan. 3, 2011, 2:09 PM
With so many existing hits to refine, Apple (AAPL +2.1%) is probably done with new products lines for at least 2011, says Piper Jaffray. The focus will be on new versions of the Mac, iPad, iPhone and iPod. But it's likely Apple will introduce cloud-based iTunes streaming services this year - possibly supported through its new datacenter.

Jan. 3, 2011, 1:04 PM
Despite Research in Motion's (RIMM +2.7%) denial, Kaufman Bros. repeats its claim the PlayBook suffers from a short battery life. Even with a revamp, it's unlikely RIM can match the iPad's (AAPL +2.1%) 10-hour battery life. But Kaufman suggests the PlayBook's embedded Adobe (ADBE +1.7%) Flash technology is the power hog. Jan. 3, 2011, 11:17 AM
The absence of Apple (AAPL) at CES will be "an elephant in the room." Apple doesn't do trade shows, even if its iPad is the industry's most important new product. In its stead will be rivals like Motorola (MOT) who are expected to field new tablet PCs, and partners like Verizon (VZ), who'll talk up Android (GOOG) phones.

Jan. 3, 2011, 9:23 AM
Clearwire (CLWR -0.9%) ends 2011 with its chairman abruptly resigning, and it will be "fascinating story" in 2011. Questions remain: Will majority owner Sprint (S +1.5%) provide more financing, or buy it outright? Will Sprint still use Clearwire as its 4G backbone, or will it build out its own network at the cost of billions?

Dec. 31, 2010, 3:56 PM
Frontier Communications (FTR +0.9%) hits a new 52-week high, trading over its previous $9.72/share. It provides traditional telephone and 'net services. It may be "the final leader" for conventional telephone services before cellular makes them obsolete, and offers some potential in the meantime.

Dec. 31, 2010, 3:27 PM
Alliance Fiber Optic Products (AFOP +13.5%) trades to a new 52-week high of $15.68/share. The company makes high performance components for communications equipment manufacturers. After a long lull, experts believe the fiber optic network sector appears poised for a rebound.

Dec. 31, 2010, 1:47 PM
Sprint (S +0.9%) will sink $200M into cash-strapped Clearwire (CLWR -1.3%), while reducing its 54% stake in the company to 50%, predicts Kaufman Bros. In a potentially ominous sign, Clearwire's chairman Craig McCaw stepped down today. Kaufman maintains a Hold on Clearwire.

Dec. 31, 2010, 10:51 AM | 1 Comment
Connectivity software provider Smith Micro (SMSI +0.4%) sees new opportunities as 4G continues to expand through the U.S., says an executive. Its authentication and other apps could be used to connect people's homes to wireless networks. But much depends on just how fast 4G rolls out - and that involves a lot of variables.

Dec. 31, 2010, 10:31 AM | 1 Comment
Google (GOOG -0.5%) has all the components needed to be a wireless carrier, including the booming Android OS and Google Voice. Despite Nexus One's crash, it probably will move into the carrier space in some form. "Google loves to push the boundaries to see what's possible," says an industry consultant.

Dec. 31, 2010, 9:52 AM | 1 Comment
Windows Phone 7 (MSFT -0.4%) now has a respectable 5K apps to run on the 1.5M phones shipped so far. But ominously, Microsoft is still mum on the sales to end users. Then again, "no one expected Windows Phone 7 to take the market by a storm," notes IDC. Dec. 30, 2010, 2:20 PM
Wireless gear maker Ceragon (CRNT -0.3%) will get a boost as cellular networks grow in India, says CL King, adding a second bullish analysts' take on the firm. Even with 707M subscribers, India has only 60% wireless market penetration. Then there's Ceragon's long-term opportunities in the U.S.'s 4G wireless expansion. Dec. 30, 2010, 1:55 PM
Chip tech designer MIPS Technologies (MIPS) is +6.4%, apparently after an article yesterday claimed the firm's core designs will benefit from the rise of Android (GOOG) as a smartphone platform. ARM Holdings (ARMH) has been a near-monopoly here - but "MIPS is now getting a piece of that action," the author boldly declares. Dec. 30, 2010, 1:30 PM
The rumor that Nokia (NOK -0.1%) may release a Windows Phone 7 (MSFT -0.1%) handset "is stark raving loony," says a Nokia insider. Nokia is a control freak when its comes to its ecosystem, and it "really does" have the OS strategy figured out. What "they don’t have figured out is user experience design."

Dec. 30, 2010, 9:46 AM
Skype (EBAY) offers a video-calling app for the iPhone (AAPL) and other Apple devices. Given Skype's scale, this could worsen mobile network bottlenecks, and renew calls from European telecoms to make the web services companies contribute cash to infrastructure upgrades. Dec. 30, 2010, 8:57 AM
Motorola's (MOT +0.3%) upcoming Android- (GOOG) based tablet PC will probably be the first such device Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) offers for its LTE 4G network, says Global Equities Research. "LTE is quite a complicated system," but Motorola can draw on extensive wireless know-how, and the device will probably ship in Q2.

Dec. 29, 2010, 3:49 PM
Wireless systems maker Ceragon Networks (CRNT) is +4.3% after RBC Capital lifted its rating to Outperform from Sector Perform. Ceragon reported $236.2M in sales over the past 12 months, and estimates further sales of $290M in the next fiscal year. Dec. 29, 2010, 3:01 PM
Despite early hiccups, Nokia (NOK) shipped as many as 4M of its N8 flagship smartphones in Q4, according to one estimate. Morgan Stanley had predicted sales of only 2.5M N8 units this quarter. Nokia is +1%.

Dec. 29, 2010, 2:04 PM
Skype (EBAY) comes clean on last week's eye-blackening service outage. A bug in a version of a Skype Windows (MSFT) client that 50% of users run resulted in a failure for 40% of these subscribers. Skype will do some software and process soul searching to avoid future disaster.

Dec. 29, 2010, 1:21 PM
After languishing for years, the fiber-optic network market is set for a rebound, with 14 acquisitions this year. Fiber is in demand to link office buildings, data centers, and cellular towers, and for the "last mile" connection to end users' homes. But investor doubts will linger for some time. Dec. 29, 2010, 10:11 AM | 1 Comment
Whispers that Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) would unveil its version of the iPhone (AAPL) at CES next week appear to be unfounded. Rather, Verizon will preview Android (GOOG) 4G LTE devices. Just when the Verizon iPhone ships is a mystery - but both companies have a lot of work ahead.

Dec. 29, 2010, 9:50 AM | 1 Comment
The amount of data that downloaded to mobile devices doubled since last year, heavily driven by video streams, according to Cisco's (CSCO) Visual Networking Index. Although the carriers have spent billions on network upgrades, the effort's been "akin to putting a big fire out with a garden hose." Dec. 28, 2010, 1:48 PM | 1 Comment
As part of its "hotzones" initiative, AT&T (T +0.1%) is expanding Wi-Fi access to subscribers in New York and San Francisco. The Wi-Fi service complements its existing 3G cellular network by targeting areas high in subscriber density. But nothing can stop the explosion of bandwidth-hogging apps and devices.

Dec. 28, 2010, 1:16 PM | 1 Comment
BTIG initiates coverage of Clearwire's (CLWR) 8.25% exchangeable notes due in 2040 with a Buy, noting they are less volatile than the company's shares. Sprint (S) will probably buy Clearwire in 2011 for at least $15/share to lay hands on its valuable spectrum. Clearwire is +0.7% and Sprint is -0.3%.

Dec. 28, 2010, 12:55 PM
Ailing Nokia Siemens (NOK, SI) expects a Q1 wrap for its $1.2B acquisition of the Motorola (MOT) Networks business. It had originally set a 2010 deadline, but it needs Chinese anti-monopoly regulatory clearance. The buyout may allow Nokia-Siemens to gain a foothold in both the Japanese and U.S. wireless markets. Dec. 28, 2010, 12:06 PM
Apple (AAPL +0.4%) tops its 52-week high of $325.72/share, and may even hit a $300B valuation. No suprise: Apple is a unique high tech giant that can "generate consistent high growth, strong profits and a steady stream of must-have new products." Some think it will top Exxon (XOM) as most valuable U.S. firm.

Dec. 28, 2010, 11:11 AM
Sources say Apple (AAPL +0.1%) will ship 3 different models of the iPad 2 in 2011. Among other changes, Apple reportedly will be working with telecoms to beef up the iPad's wireless capabilities. The new device will also be smudge- and reflection- resistant to compete better against the Kindle (AMZN -0.4%). Dec. 28, 2010, 10:23 AM | 1 Comment
Google (GOOG), Verizon (BZ), and defense contractor Booz Allen Hamilton (BAH) are among the  companies involved in the top-secret NORAD Tracks Santa project, which now has a Twitter account, a Facebook page, a Youtube channel and apps for mobile phones, along with a website and the phone line, 877-HI NORAD.

Dec. 24, 2010, 4:51 PM
Looking to potentially IPO next year, Skype is suffering a black eye as it struggles to fix a major service outage that began yesterday. Skype attributes this failure to the crash of several of its 'supernodes.' Currently, eBay (EBAY -0.4%) owns a 30% stake in the company. Dec. 23, 2010, 12:02 PM
In 2011, T-Mobile (DTEGY.PK) will unveil a network upgrade that boosts existing speeds by up to double, says an executive. It also will come with smartphones enabled for integration into the new service. And T-Mobile will go 'big' on Android (GOOG), 4G speeds, and tablet devices. Dec. 23, 2010, 10:55 AM
The FCC's new net neutrality framework apparently pleases nobody. The ISPs think it will cut profits, with Verizon (VZ) saying it's 'deeply concerned.' Neutrality advocates are miffed that it doesn't cover wireless networks and it offers loopholes.

Dec. 23, 2010, 8:17 AM
Motorola (MOT +1%) buys Zecter, a startup whose technology enables the wireless streaming of digital media, for undisclosed terms. Zecter will become part of Motorola Mobility, due to spin off next month.

Dec. 22, 2010, 11:55 AM
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) will offer a smartphone from Motorola (MOT) to run on its new 4G network. This indicates Verizon's tight relationship with Motorola will continue in some form when Motorola Mobility launches next month. Verizon is also expected to sell the iPhone (AAPL) early in 2011. Dec. 22, 2010, 10:50 AM
Net neutrality rules are hardly a "threat to freedom" - they're a toothless compromise crafted with the goal of winning the approval of corporate interests, Timothy Karr writes. Indeed, nearly all affected stocks rose today. ISPs and wireless carriers: CMCSA +1.5%, VZ +0.6%, T -0.2%, TWC +0.9%, S +0.9%. Content streamers: NFLX +4.6%, GOOG +1.3%, AMZN +0.8%. Dec. 21, 2010, 6:15 PM | 6 Comments
Sprint (S) is +1.2% after naming as new CFO Joseph Euteneuer, currently the CFO for Qwest (Q +0.6%). Euteneuer succeeds current CFO Bob Brust, who is retiring. Euteneuer's transfer will be delayed unto Qwest's merger with CenturyLink (CTL +1.2%) wraps. (PR)

Dec. 21, 2010, 3:16 PM
By 2014, 1 in 5 Americans will own a tablet PC, with 37% using them for business, says Harris Interactive. Enterprise-friendly Research in Motion (RIMM -0.4%) may soon have a leg up over rivals. To maintain its 95% tablet market share, Apple (AAPL +0.5%) will have to sell corporations on the iPad.

Dec. 21, 2010, 12:24 PM | 2 Comments
With the FCC ready to enact net neutrality, 'alarm bells' are ringing, says Craig Pirrong. Price controls are a bad idea, nor does the FCC have web jurisdiction. And the "potential for regulatory mischief inherent in net neutrality is great."

Dec. 21, 2010, 11:59 AM | 1 Comment
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) may sell the BlackBerry Torch (RIMM), or another BlackBerry 6 OS-based device in early in 2011, says Kaufman Bros. Nevertheless, Verizon still "views iPhone (AAPL) as essential to its future success." RIM's share of Verizon sales has been plummeting. Dec. 21, 2010, 11:43 AM
The Mobile Marketing Association is devising privacy guidelines to protect smartphone users. Many popular phone apps currently transmit data to 3rd parties, without user consent. Consistency is needed "so marketers know how to act and consumers know what to expect," said the Association's chief.

Dec. 21, 2010, 11:10 AM
Breaking official silence, Microsoft (MSFT +0.6%) now claims manufacturers moved over 1.5M Windows 7 Phone devices in the first 6 weeks of sales. Playing catch-up, Microsoft has 18K developers on the project and 4K apps. A platform update ships in the next couple of months, says an exec.

Dec. 21, 2010, 10:28 AM | 2 Comments
RBC Capital Markets starts coverage of Motorola's (MOT +0.2%) handset spin-off Motorola Mobility with a Hold rating. When Motorola Mobility officially goes on sale on January 4, it will have $3B in cash and no debt. But it faces tough handset competition in 2011, which will pressure prices.

Dec. 21, 2010, 10:12 AM
The FCC is poised to pass net neutrality regulations today. If so, consumer advocates will rejoice while phone and cable corporations will balk. But expect lengthy court fights and uncertainty around web regulation for some time to come. Dec. 21, 2010, 9:47 AM | 7 Comments
Sources claim Nokia (NOK -0.6%) is in talks with Microsoft (MSFT -0.1%) to port Windows Phone 7 to a new line of its smartphones. Skeptics may point out that down-sizing Nokia will have a hard enough time making good on its Symbian commitments, and Windows Phone 7 has apparently had a not-so-stellar launch. Dec. 20, 2010, 10:34 AM
This is day one of trading for the "when issued" shares of Motorola (MOT -0.1%), which splits next month. But buyers can get the shares of both the new Motorola Mobility and of Motorola Solutions by just buying MOT now. They'll receive the "value that will be unlocked" when the new shares start regular-way trading. Dec. 17, 2010, 3:06 PM | 1 Comment
Research in Motion's (RIMM +2.5%) Q3 leaves Wall Street a house divided between bears and bulls. "RIM gets no respect," opines Needham & Co., and noting the stock's low valuation, says Buy. But Bernstein Research sees "a long list of clear signs of weaknesses," and keeps an Underperform rating. Dec. 17, 2010, 1:51 PM
The upcoming PlayBook (RIMM +2.3%) 'redefines what a tablet should do,' says Research in Motion CEO Jim Balsillie. He predicts a shift from proprietary toolkits and unnecessary apps, but towards web fidelity, high performance, and CIO 'friendliness,' and we are 'way ahead.'

Dec. 17, 2010, 10:14 AM | 2 Comments
The new Nexus S is proof Google (GOOG +0.4%) learned from the failed Nexus One. Besides the capabilities to support mobile commerce, the most important Nexus S feature may be the software. It's pure chaotic Android, the "way Google intended it," giving the vendor more direct control of the customer.

Dec. 16, 2010, 12:09 PM
In a conservative scenario, Piper Jaffray estimates Verizon (VZ) will sell 9M iPhones (AAPL) in 2011. Verizon will cannibalize AT&T's (T) sales so that it will move 11M iPhones, down 4.6M from 2010. Overall, Verizon will activate roughly 25M smartphones next year. Dec. 15, 2010, 10:53 AM
Nomura Securities launches telecom coverage with a Buy for AT&T (T +1.4%). AT&T faces "meaningful attrition" when it loses iPhone (AAPL) exclusivity in 2011, and a possible subscriber drop to 65.8M from 68M. But with fewer iPhone promotions, the better AT&T's margins, and the board will soon probably approve a 2-year, $10B share repurchase plan.

Dec. 14, 2010, 2:58 PM | 1 Comment
Comcast (CMSCA +4.1%) is piloting a combined TV-web service that may let it block the cord-cutting threats from rivals like Google (GOOG) and Netflix (NFLX). The new service relies on a set-top box that mixes DVR and web capabilities and allows viewers to access on-demand content through their TVs. Dec. 14, 2010, 10:25 AM
Credit Suisse remains bullish on Research in Motion (RIMM -2.1%). Strong sales of the BlackBerry Torch smartphone will contribute to Q3 revenue of $5.3B, with earnings/share of $1.65. But the introduction of the iPhone (AAPL) to Verizon's (VZ, VOD) lineup will drop unit sales and cause pressure on RIM in Q4.

Dec. 13, 2010, 3:55 PM
T-Mobile (DTEGY.PK) and Sprint (S) will both offer a tablet computer next year that will be 4G speed enabled. Details are scarce on both devices, but Sprint said yesterday it planned to expand its tablet offering beyond the Galaxy Tab (SSNLF.PK) to keep up with surging demand.

Dec. 10, 2010, 4:48 PM | 1 Comment
Brokerage and investment firm CLSA gets on the Apple (AAPL)-to-$400 wagon by raising their price target from $365: A survey "suggests our iPhone unit estimates are too low," especially considering the upcoming Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) version, and the firm bumps up unit projections for iPad as well. AAPL now +0.3% to $320.72.

Dec. 10, 2010, 1:38 PM | 1 Comment
Android (GOOG) now comprises 80% of Verizon Wireless' (VZ, VOD) smartphone sales, at the expense of the BlackBerry (RIMM), says ITG Investment Research. In Oct. 2009, RIM represented 93% of Verizon's smartphone sales, but with Android's advance, it dropped down to about 19% as of last month, with little hope of a rebound.

Dec. 10, 2010, 1:31 PM
Sources say HTC informed suppliers that it will manufacture up to 60M handsets in 2011, up from 20M in 2010. This goal reflects the ambitious higher-growth strategy of newly appointed COO Matthew Costello and other top executives. Dec. 10, 2010, 9:51 AM
The new Windows Phone 7 (MSFT -0.7%) devices appear to be receiving more than just seasonal discounts. With Amazon (AMZN) offering 3 AT&T (T) models for 1 cent, it doesn't seem as if the Phone 7 is exactly going gangbusters, or the price would be higher. But Microsoft may be willing to cut profits to boost volume.

Dec. 9, 2010, 3:33 PM | 1 Comment
"Perception lags reality," says an AT&T (T) executive after customers ranked it the worst cellular provider in the U.S. AT&T has spent $18B this year to let its network handle the data traffic surges from the iPhone (AAPL) and other devices, he says. “We’ve already seen the wave, and we know what to do."

Dec. 8, 2010, 10:45 AM
Android (GOOG) smartphone owners are bigger bandwidth hogs than users of rival devices, as they run lots of video over the networks. Smartphones overall are burdening wireless carrier capacity, and the problem will only increase until the carriers start rationing their services or build out the networks.

Dec. 8, 2010, 9:36 AM
More details emerge about the Chrome OS (GOOG) notebook. Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) will provide the WiFi and 3G connectivity, and the initial manufacturers will be Acer, Samsung (SSNLF.PK), and Intel (INTC). It can be set up quickly, has a super-fast booting capability, and ships by mid-2011.

Dec. 7, 2010, 3:23 PM
AT&T (T) will weather its upcoming loss of iPhone (AAPL) exclusivity in 2011 just fine, says Piper Jaffray. Piper also expects AT&T to offer a dividend hike, and to repurchase up to 400M shares this month. AT&T is +0.7 % to $28.51. Dec. 7, 2010, 11:54 AM
Without Clearwire (CLWR -0.6%), Sprint (S +1%) would have to pay out $5B to upgrade its own towers to be 4G compatible. Clearwire is still raising money to complete its 4G network. This leaves Sprint's current $5B infrastructure improvement project facing uncertainty, and Sprint's still on the hook if Clearwire defaults.

Dec. 7, 2010, 11:12 AM
Research in Motion (RIMM) is -1.9% to $62.03 after Gleacher & Co. cut its rating to Neutral from Buy, and CLSA Asia-Pacific Markets lowered its rating to Underperform from Buy. Gleacher doubts the new QNX OS will be a 'game changer,' or the PlayBook will stand out among competitors. CLSA notes the 44% share rally since September has reduced the upside potential. Dec. 7, 2010, 10:35 AM
Struggling Research in Motion (RIMM) will recover momentum in 2011, after a sluggish 2010 that saw its innovation lag, says Barclays. A "steadily improving" product line, including the PlayBook tablet computer, should grab market share, and there are signs carriers will more aggressively back the BlackBerry. Premarket, RIM is -0.4% to $63.07.

Dec. 7, 2010, 9:11 AM
Apple (AAPL) hit a new 52-week high of $322.33, up from $321.30, leaving it with a market cap of more than $294B. Potential causes for the uptick include a report Apple may receive favorable terms on iPhone sales next year. Apple closed +0.8% at $320.15. Dec. 6, 2010, 4:24 PM | 1 Comment
Verizon (VZ) might pay extra to Apple (AAPL) to keep the iPhone in its and AT&T's (T) exclusive hands, suggests Kaufman Bros. Verizon is due to ship the phone next year and might offer special terms so Sprint (S) and T-Mobile (DTEGY.PK) don't get it. If so, Apple will enjoy better margins and still move enough units to fend off a surging Android (GOOG).

Dec. 6, 2010, 11:59 AM | 2 Comments
'Usage-based pricing' that allows broadband providers to charge extra to web bandwidth hogs running video and other content makes sense, says FCC chair Julius Genachowski. However, in its proposed net regulations, the FCC also wants to bar carriers from deliberately slowing web traffic.

Dec. 2, 2010, 8:04 AM | 1 Comment
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) launches its 4G 'Long Term Evolution' mobile broadband network on Sunday. With speeds of up to 12 megabits per second, the network is 10 times faster than Verizon's existing 3G infrastructure. The network will debut initially in 38 cities, 60 airports, and comes with new data plans. (PR)

Dec. 1, 2010, 12:53 PM
U.S. regulators want to free broadcast airwaves to meet the expanding demand for handheld wireless traffic. "The explosive growth of mobile communications threatens to outpace the infrastructure on which it relies," says FCC Chairman Julius Genachowski. Dec. 1, 2010, 9:42 AM
The iPad (AAPL) and other Apple gadgets should do especially well this holiday season, with a boost from partners Wal-Mart (WMT), Target (TGT), and Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD). A survey shows 9% of holiday shoppers will pick up an iPad in the next 90 days, locking it in as the touchscreen computer leader. Apple is -0.5% to $313.25. Nov. 29, 2010, 10:32 AM
Nokia (NOK) must be praying its new CMO Jerri DeVard can revitalize the flagging brand. DeVard's experience at Verizon (VZ) may give her an edge against Apple (AAPL) and Google (GOOG). However, it won't be easy taking a "Finnish brand that hasn't been big in the U.S. for a decade, and making it cool again."

Nov. 24, 2010, 12:36 PM
AT&T (T -0.9%) and Verizon (VZ -0.3%) may not have enough cash to fund their pension funds because they overestimated returns while underestimating cash expenses. AT&T paid $868M in the first 9 months of the year, and Verizon $1.8B in the same period. “The wireless business has to run very fast to outpace these enormous legacy obligations," says an analyst. Nov. 23, 2010, 3:51 PM
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) will extend Skype support to some of its prepaid phones. Since becoming partners in February, Verizon has added Skype support for 20 devices on its network.

Nov. 23, 2010, 3:28 PM
Amazon (AMZN) is selling Verizon Wireless' (VZ, VOD) high-end Android (GOOG) handsets for 1 cent through November 22. The deal requires buying a new Verizon contract, but nevertheless offers a huge discount. Amazon closed at +0.5% % to $164.99. Nov. 19, 2010, 4:16 PM
Cox Communications will become the first U.S. cable company to challenge AT&T (T) and Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) with a wireless phone offering. Cox will use Sprint Nextel's (S) 3G infrastructure as it builds its own network, and will support Android (GOOG) based phones. However, Cox is 'late to the party in a crowded industry,' says an analyst.

Nov. 19, 2010, 2:39 PM
Vodafone (VOD) will resolve its relationship with its cash-strapped Verizon Wireless (VZ) joint venture by the end of 2011, says CEO Vittorio Colao. "If it’s impossible to get cash out of it, we should go for other solutions which are not very advantageous to our shareholders and the company,” he says. Nov. 18, 2010, 3:56 PM
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) is mulling charging wireless customers by both the speed of their data connections, as well as by volume of data. This move would be paired with Verizon's migration to a 4G network. Nov. 18, 2010, 9:36 AM | 1 Comment
Sources claim AT&T's (T) exclusive relationship as U.S. wireless carrier for the iPhone (AAPL) will soon end, and the operator is now scanning the device manufacturer horizon for similar deals. Sources say Verizon Wireless (VZ) will sell the iPhone early in 2011. Nov. 17, 2010, 4:03 PM
Verizon (VZ) and Microsoft (MSFT) expand their alliance on cloud computing targeted at small and medium businesses. The new offerings combine Verizon IP networking with professional services and Microsoft's online services suite to tackle messaging and collaboration.

Nov. 17, 2010, 12:06 PM
Sources say Sprint (S) will kill the original Palm Pre less than 18 months after the smartphone's debut. The device never built momentum with developers, as did the iPhone, frustrating hopes that it would save Palm, and enable Sprint to better challenge AT&T (T) and Verizon (VZ). 
 

Nov. 16, 2010, 12:08 PM | 4 Comments
AT&T (T), Verizon (VZ), and T-Mobile are creating a new ecommerce network enabling customers to make payments via cell phones. Google (GOOG) will also offer a phone that replaces a credit card. Nov. 16, 2010, 11:39 AM | 1 Comment
Details are reportedly coming tomorrow on the joint venture between Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD), AT&T (T) and T-Mobile (DTEGY.PK) (as well as Discover (DFS) and Barclays (BCS)) on a mobile payments system that will allow consumers to complete purchases with their phones. Nov. 15, 2010, 3:15 PM | 3 Comments
A host of tablet computers are soon due to hit the field, with sales jumping from 15.1M units in 2010 to 115M in 2014, and revenue moving from $9.5B to $55B in the same period. The winners will include iPad (AAPL)-chasing PC makers like Dell (DELL) looking for a new revenue stream. The losers will include the cannibalized notebooks and netbooks markets. Nov. 15, 2010, 2:50 PM
Despite all predictions that video-only satellite would suffer from phone and cable competition, DirecTV (DTV) is still expanding, adding 174K subscribers in the third quarter - likely due to an aggressive push for high-end customers. Competitors Dish Network (DISH) and cable companies saw declines, while AT&T (T) and Verizon (VZ) are still adding subscribers via rollouts.

Nov. 11, 2010, 1:46 PM | 2 Comments
Vodafone (VOD) reports selling its stake in China Mobile (CHL) boosted earnings 56% to $11.4B in the first half of its fiscal 2011. On Tuesday, it announced a $5B plan to sell its holdings in Japanese wireless operator Softbank Corp (SFTBF.PK). However, Vodafone apparently will retain its prized 45% stake in Verizon Wireless (VZ) in hopes of a future dividend.

Nov. 10, 2010, 1:52 PM
After inking $5.7B in deals, struggling Alcatel Lucent claims it's arrived at a "turning point." On Thursday, it announced contracts to build hi-speed wireless networks and sell gear to Verizon (VZ) and three large China-based accounts. The company today also posted an unexpected Q3 profit of $35.3M.

Nov. 4, 2010, 1:36 PM
A good look at the challenges - and opportunities - for Ivan Seidenberg's Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD), as the company's investments in networks and technology face what may be their biggest test in the forthcoming iPhone (AAPL) offering. Oct. 30, 2010, 8:10 AM
Verizon Wireless (VZ -0.2%) agrees to pay a $25M fine and refund more than $52M to customers in a record settlement with the FCC for inaccurate billings involving "mystery fees." Verizon says it "made inadvertent billing mistakes [and] accepts responsibility for those errors." (PR)

Oct. 28, 2010, 3:54 PM | 1 Comment
Bank stocks will rebound and telecom shares will rise, at least according to short sellers as of Oct. 15. In telecom, shares sold short in AT&T (T) fell 20% to 45.9M, and short interest in Verizon (VZ) dropped 15% to 46.3M. Among financial shares, short interest in Bank of America (BAC) slipped 16% to 128.2M despite the firm’s problems with mortgage paperwork.

Oct. 27, 2010, 10:25 AM
Sprint Nextel (S) prices the Samsung Galaxy Tab - perhaps the most credible competitor to the iPad (AAPL) - at $400, cheaper than the $600 that Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) is charging, but requiring a two-year contract that Verizon isn't.

Oct. 25, 2010, 12:45 PM
Don't fight the tape - if the Fed is pouring fuel on the fire, grab some marshmallows and sticks, Barry Ritholtz says. With that in mind, his favorite stocks to ride Ben's QE2 bubble: Citigroup (C), Verizon (VZ), Rackspace (RAX) and America Movil (AMX). Oct. 22, 2010, 5:30 PM | 2 Comments
A revealing infographic separates America's real corporate cash cows (GS, AAPL, GOOG, MSFT, INTC, QCOM) from the charlatans (JPM, BAC, T, CMCSA, VZ, IBM, GE). Bottom line: after factoring in debt, it's not $3.7T sitting on the sidelines, but rather -$750B. Oct. 22, 2010, 9:43 AM | 10 Comments
Verizon (VZ): Q3 EPS of $0.56 beats by $0.02. Revenue of $26.48B (-2.9%) vs. $26.35B. Shares -0.7% premarket. (PR) Oct. 22, 2010, 7:39 AM
Notable earnings before Friday's open: AAI, BPOP, DOV, ERIC, EXC, HON, IR, KEY, SLB, TROW, VZ

Oct. 22, 2010, 12:05 AM
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) sets the price for Samsung's Galaxy Tab at just under $600, $30 less than its model of the iPad (AAPL) - but still too high a price, analysts say, because of the perception of iPad quality.

Oct. 20, 2010, 12:27 PM
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) sets Oct. 28 for the start of its tiered data pricing, following similar moves that have been a boon for AT&T (T) - except unlike AT&T, Verizon's keeping an unlimited-data option for smartphones.

Oct. 19, 2010, 1:53 PM
Hunting high and low for yield, Credit Suisse lays out 20 dividend stocks that are "better than bonds" - including dividend yield leaders Altria Group (MO), Verizon (VZ) and AT&T (T). Oct. 18, 2010, 6:21 PM
Get ready as earnings season really takes off next week: Major banks (C, WFC, BAC), from whom analysts expect improvement; somewhat worse results expected from I-banks (GS, MS) on low trading activity; a rash of big pharma; AT&T (T) and Verizon (VZ); airlines; and on Monday Apple (AAPL) leads off big tech results, which include IBM, AMZN, EBAY and YHOO.

Oct. 16, 2010, 8:25 AM | 1 Comment
Apple (AAPL +0.5%) says it will sell iPads through retail stores owned by AT&T (T +0.2%) and Verizon (VZ +0.7%) beginning Oct. 28. AT&T will sell the models that use its 3G wireless network, while Verizon will sell the 3G models as well as those that only work on a Wi-Fi network. It's the first mobile deal between Apple and Verizon. Oct. 14, 2010, 9:37 AM | 1 Comment
AT&T (T), Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD), Deutsche Telekom (DTEGY.PK) and Sprint (S) are among the major firms reportedly interested in a Clearwire (CLWR) auction of wireless airwaves. Clearwire is trying to fund the expansion of its high-speed wireless network, and the sale could bring in as much as $5B. CLWR +10.1% premarket.

Oct. 13, 2010, 7:34 AM
The search for higher yields is driving the biggest rally in seven years for telephone stocks, despite lagging profit forecasts for the sector. Telecoms account for five of the 10 largest dividends in the S&P 500 and yield 5.45% as a group. Among individual companies: FTR, 8.94%; WIN, 8.24%; CTL, 7.3%; T, 5.96%, VZ, 5.94%.

Oct. 11, 2010, 2:35 PM | 2 Comments
A recent survey showed that 23% of AT&T (T) iPhone users would switch to Verizon (VZ) if given the chance. But iPhone (AAPL) owners should think twice before jumping ship: Verizon's CDMA network means customers can't surf online while talking on the phone, won't be able to use their phone as broadly internationally, and will chew through their batteries faster. Oct. 9, 2010, 3:20 PM | 8 Comments
Apple (AAPL -0.1%) plans to begin mass producing a new iPhone by the end of 2010 that would allow Verizon Wireless (VZ -0.4%) to sell the smartphone early next year, WSJ reports. The new iPhone would be based on CDMA wireless technology used by Verizon. This would spell the end of AT&T's (T -3.7%) exclusive U.S. arrangement with Apple. The new phone will use a chip made by Qualcomm (QCOM +0.5%).

Oct. 6, 2010, 2:32 PM | 2 Comments
AT&T (T +1.5%) adds three new Android-based Mototola (MOT +1.3%) smartphones to its current lineup of six models. AT&T, currently the exclusive U.S. provider for Apple's (AAPL +3.1%) iPhone, has been looking to expand its smartphone line-up amid speculation it will lose iPhone exclusivity next year to Verizon Wireless (VZ +1.4%).

Oct. 5, 2010, 2:46 PM | 2 Comments
Verizon Wireless (VZ) says it will pay millions of dollars in refunds to 15M cell phone customers who were erroneously charged for data sessions or internet use. Customers would receive credits or refund checks typically in the $2-$6 range on their October or November bills. Oct. 4, 2010, 9:07 AM
A half-million iPhone (AAPL) owners use AT&T's (T) network to connect to the internet, but they don't seem too happy about it: Nearly half of users surveyed would be "very interested" in dumping AT&T for Verizon (VZ) as a service provider. "If another carrier were to pick up the iPhone, you would probably see a number of defections."

Sep. 22, 2010, 1:54 PM | 4 Comments
Goldman's formula for finding strong yield stocks: When a company's bond yields are falling, investors are confident that it has the cash to meet coupon payments. And if the firm has that kind of cash, it likely has the cash to continue and perhaps raise payouts to stock investors. With that in mind, Goldman's favorites are MO, CTL, VZ, T, PM, EXC, BMY, PFE, COP, AEP. Sep. 20, 2010, 4:41 PM | 2 Comments
Verizon (VZ) names wireless chief Lowell McAdam as president and COO, clearing up the question of who will succeed CEO Ivan Seidenberg, who turns 64 this year. Verizon has lacked a president and COO since Dennis Strigl retired in 2009.

Sep. 20, 2010, 8:00 AM
AT&T (T), Sprint (S) and Verizon (VZ) are teaming up to take on the iPad (AAPL), sources say, and plan to sell a tablet made by Samsung (SSNLF.PK) for less than the wholesale price by bundling it with monthly wireless service contracts. The Galaxy Tab will be announced Sept. 16.

Sep. 11, 2010, 2:19 PM | 1 Comment
Vodafone's (VOD) decision to offload its China Mobile (CHL) holdings could be the first stake sale of many as the company tries to slim down, but the other sales might not go as smoothly. With a limited number of potential buyers, Vodafone will likely find it tough to sell its stakes in firms like France's SFR and Verizon Wireless (VZ). Sep. 8, 2010, 7:25 AM | 1 Comment
Verizon (VZ) raises its quarterly dividend 2.6%, to $0.4875/share, a sign of "strength of our cash flow, our balance sheet and our company." (PR)

Sep. 2, 2010, 1:19 PM | 1 Comment
Google (GOOG) says users placed more than 1M phone calls during the first 24 hours after Google added telephony capabilities to Gmail. Calls within the U.S. and Canada are free, while rates to other countries are significantly cheaper than other VoIP providers (VZ, T), Google says. (previously)

Aug. 27, 2010, 3:44 AM | 1 Comment
Credit Suisse draws up a roster of dividend-paying stocks to consider, with payouts yielding more than bonds. Verizon (VZ) tops the list with a 6.5% yield, followed by tobacco giants Reynolds (RAI) and Altria (MO), with Eli Lilly (LLY), Duke Energy (DUK) and Southern Co. (SO) in the next tier. Aug. 20, 2010, 2:23 PM
Google (GOOG -1%) is working with Verizon (VZ +0.2%) on a tablet that runs Google's Chrome OS, not Android, according to Download Squad. HTC is building the device and Verizon wants to launch it Nov. 26, the busiest shopping day of the year. The report speculates that it could be offered free with a Verizon data contract. Aug. 18, 2010, 2:35 PM
Verizon (VZ) says it will allow its FiOS TV customers to watch programs on tablet computers like the iPad (AAPL) and mobile devices like the BlackBerry (RIMM) by the end of the year, at no extra charge. The company has committed $23B to FiOS as its home-phone business declines; the moves are in line with "TV everywhere" strategies followed by rivals AT&T (T), Time Warner Cable (TWC) and Comcast (CMCSA).

Aug. 18, 2010, 11:47 AM
Diverging views on the proposal from Google (GOOG) and Verizon (VZ) for future regulation of the internet. WSJ says the FCC ought to back off from a strict interpretation of Net Neutrality. NYT calls the plan "dangerous"; the FCC “should have an expanded role in regulating what is rapidly becoming the most important channel of communication in the world.”

Aug. 16, 2010, 2:50 PM | 1 Comment
AT&T (T) deserves more respect, Dan Frommer writes. "It's just bad for the wrong people in the wrong places - mostly tech- and media-types in New York and San Francisco." AT&T's network is top quality, and customer turnover stats are comparable to Verizon Wireless (VZ) and better than others. When Verizon gets the iPhone, "then we'll know if it's really AT&T's fault." Aug. 13, 2010, 3:51 PM | 1 Comment
Smartphone sales jumped 50% in Q2, says Gartner, but sales of mobile phones generally were up just 13.8% and average selling prices fell by more than expected amid intense competition. Symbian phones from Nokia (NOK) took 41.2% of the smartphone market, followed by BlackBerry (RIMM) at 18.2%. Aug. 12, 2010, 8:50 AM | 2 Comments
The Verizon (VZ)-Google (GOOG) net-neutrality policy proposal is a "reasonable framework," says AT&T (T) wireless chief Ralph de la Vega - who particularly agrees that the wireless market is different from fixed lines and could be subject to traffic restrictions.

Aug. 11, 2010, 12:26 PM | 2 Comments
Don't get too worked up about the net neutrality proposal from Verizon (VZ) and Google (GOOG); the agreement basically sticks to the status quo, has no teeth unless the FCC makes it part of its official rules, and allows Verizon to block content or services on its wireless network as long as it informs consumers.

Aug. 10, 2010, 10:51 AM | 1 Comment
Google (GOOG) and Verizon (VZ) agree to a compromise on net neutrality enforceable on wireline networks without extending the same to wireless, including the idea that broadband providers would not be able to prioritize content for a fee. The agreement asks for transparency in network management on wireline and wireless networks. (live blog)

Aug. 9, 2010, 2:12 PM
Google (GOOG) and Verizon (VZ) issue their joint proposal for an open internet: "Users should choose what content, applications, or devices they use, since openness has been central to explosive innovation... America must continue to encourage both investment and innovation to support the underlying broadband infrastructure."

Aug. 9, 2010, 1:53 PM | 3 Comments
A roadmap from Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) that blogger Boy Genius says he obtained suggests that a Motorola (MOT) Droid tablet -- competition for the AAPL iPad -- isn't coming until next year, with a new 3.0 release of the Android OS (GOOG).

Aug. 9, 2010, 1:12 PM | 3 Comments
Google (GOOG) and Verizon (VZ) are holding a conference call at 1:30 p.m., hosted by their chief executives - which may shed some light on the reports Verizon denied last week that the companies were making a side arrangement around net-neutrality provisions.

Aug. 9, 2010, 12:49 PM
Verizon (VZ) and AT&T (T) have reportedly chosen Salt Lake City, Minneapolis and Austin, Texas, as pilot cities for the "Mercury" smartphone-payments system project - their attempt to crack the dominance of Visa (V) and MasterCard (MA) in payments networks. The carriers may work with Discover (DFS) and Barclays (BCS) for processing and management.

Aug. 6, 2010, 12:45 PM
The FCC calls off net neutrality talks aimed at reaching a compromise on new rules to prevent internet traffic from being blocked or slowed, after a report that Verizon (VZ) and Google (GOOG) were discussing a separate agreement which would allow the phone giant to prioritize some broadband traffic.

Aug. 5, 2010, 5:20 PM | 1 Comment
Verizon (VZ +0.4%) rebukes a NYT article that says it is nearing a deal with Google (GOOG +0.2%) on web pay tiers that could lay the foundation for a system in which companies would pay to move their content faster. The article "fundamentally misunderstands our purpose," Verizon says, and any suggestion of a business deal between the companies is "entirely incorrect."

Aug. 5, 2010, 2:35 PM
Sources say Motorola (MOT +2.8%) and Verizon (VZ +0.9%) are teaming up to take on the iPad (AAPL), and plan to roll out their own Android-based (GOOG +0.3%) tablet that lets users watch TV on it as early as this autumn. The firms are hoping the TV integration will give their device a competitive advantage against rivals. Aug. 4, 2010, 8:48 AM | 1 Comment
The FCC over the weekend met again with Google (GOOG), AT&T (T) and Verizon (VZ) to work toward a compromise on net neutrality. No one's commenting on what's discussed, spurring concerns from activists that a "secret deal" could favor the communications companies over content providers. (previously: I, II)

Aug. 3, 2010, 11:42 AM
Visa (V -2.2%) and MasterCard (MA -3.1%) are both taking a beating on reports AT&T (T +2%), Verizon (VZ +1.3%) and T-Mobile USA (DTEGY.PK +1.6%) are working to supplant credit and debit cards with a smartphone payment system. Aug. 2, 2010, 9:51 AM | 1 Comment
AT&T (T), Verizon (VZ) and T-Mobile USA (DTEGY.PK) are reportedly working on a venture to get consumers to use smartphones as a mobile payment system instead of relying on debit and credit cards. Discover Financial (DFS) and Barclays (BCS) may help roll out a test system. Potential losers: Visa (V), MasterCard (MA). Premarket: VZ +1.5%, DFS +3.9%, BCS +3.9%, V -0.5%.

Aug. 2, 2010, 7:27 AM
Premarket gainers: KWK +17%. ARMH +12%. CRBC +11%. RAS +10%. ETFC +9%. F +5%. SCCO +5%. VZ +4%.
Losers: BEC -17%. AMZN -11%. SNV -7%. ERIC -6%. SNDK -5%.

Jul. 23, 2010, 9:00 AM
Verizon (VZ): Q2 EPS of $0.58 beats by $0.02. Revenue of $26.77B (-0.30%) vs. $27.11B. Shares +2.1% premarket. (PR) Jul. 23, 2010, 7:36 AM
Notable earnings before Friday's open: ALV, ASH, BPOP, DLR, DOV, ERIC, F, HON, IR, JCI, KMB, MCD, MHP, SLB, TROW, VZ, WL

Jul. 23, 2010, 12:05 AM
Sprint (S) beat its rivals to the market with the first 4G network, but CEO Dan Hesse concedes that "we thought we would have more of a head start than we'll end up having." The manufacturer can’t keep up with demand for the HTC EVO, and the phone is backordered with no estimated ship date. Meanwhile, Verizon (VZ) and AT&T (T) are close to launching their own 4G networks.

Jul. 12, 2010, 9:37 AM
Premarket gainers: AIB +6%. VG +5%. LOGI +4%.
Losers: LNCR -11%. HITK -6%. FTR -4%. VZ -4%.

Jul. 2, 2010, 9:00 AM
With Sprint Nextel (S) pushing its Clearwire alliance to spread its 4G network presence, the pressure's on other carriers - and Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) may be launching its own network in 25 markets on November 15, and new handsets in time for holiday shopping.

Jun. 30, 2010, 1:24 PM
Verizon Wireless (VZ +0.4%) will start selling the iPhone (AAPL -4.7%) in January, ending AT&T’s (T -2.2%) exclusive hold on the smartphone in the U.S., Bloomberg reports. Verizon and Apple refuse comment. Jun. 29, 2010, 3:45 PM | 5 Comments
AT&T (T) received its regulatory approval to buy Verizon Wireless' (VZ, VOD) wireless spectrum license. Approval for the $2.35B deal was widely expected, but the long regulatory lag had frustrated many AT&T execs. VOD +0.9% premarket.

Jun. 23, 2010, 7:23 AM
The FCC's push for "net neutrality" actually is "an unimaginative and overbearing set of rules" for phone and cable companies, Verizon (VZ) CEO Ivan Seidenberg says, which "will cause uncertainty in the marketplace, create disincentives for investment" and make the U.S. telecommunications industry less competitive.

Jun. 22, 2010, 3:25 PM | 11 Comments
Siding with the big carriers, Dennis Kneale laments the FCC's desire to use "a set of 75-year-old phone regulations to oversee the 21st century internet." The shareholders of carriers like AT&T (T), Verizon (VZ) and Comcast (CMCSA) paid for pipes, but he believes the government's hunger to set rules for the traffic they must carry could ultimately thwart high hopes for the wireless web. Jun. 18, 2010, 2:46 PM | 1 Comment
Verizon (VZ) signals it may start paying Vodafone (VOD) a dividend in 2012, marking the first time since dividend payments were suspended in 2005 that a specific restoration date has been aired. The effect on Vodafone could be "transformative," boosting free cash flow by more than 30%. Jun. 18, 2010, 8:28 AM
The FCC votes 3-2 along party lines to move ahead with regulating broadband, setting the stage for an eventual legal showdown. Supporters include internet-dependent firms such as Google (GOOG) and Microsoft (MSFT), while phone and cable companies object, saying tighter regulations will raise costs. It's a "terrible idea" that would have "negative consequences" for decades, Verizon (VZ) CEO Tom Tauke says. Jun. 17, 2010, 2:26 PM | 3 Comments
AT&T (T) is close to getting regulatory approval for its planned $2.35B purchase of Verizon's (VZ) rural U.S. wireless licenses. A favorable vote could come within weeks, but the process has been a lengthy one, and the FCC's relationship with major telecoms has deteriorated.

Jun. 17, 2010, 8:08 AM
The iPhone gets all the attention, but HTC is becoming a major player in the smartphone business. Of the four top U.S. wireless carriers, HTC now manufactures major devices for three. Customers are snapping up Sprint’s (S) new HTC Evo 4G, and Verizon’s (VZ) HTC handset, the Droid Incredible, is backordered.

Jun. 7, 2010, 4:27 PM | 1 Comment
Motorola (MOT) finalizes a deal with Verizon (VZ) to ensure some of its upcoming smartphones will be heavily promoted by the largest U.S. carrier. The new phones are a key test for Motorola CEO Sanjay Jha, who has bet heavily on phones powered by Google's (GOOG) Android software and sold by Verizon Wireless, such as last fall's Motorola Droid.

May 28, 2010, 10:21 AM
The FCC approves the proposed buyout of Verizon's (VZ) local wireline operations by Frontier Communications (FTR) in 14 states, including Arizona and California. (PR)

May 21, 2010, 4:22 PM
The FCC's latest report on wireless has a key change: It doesn't conclude the industry is "competitive," which could mean restrictions for Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) and AT&T (T), and a boost for Sprint-Nextel (S) and T-Mobile (DT). Smartphone penetration and texting are big, and growing data revenue isn't making up for declining voice revenue yet.

May 21, 2010, 1:22 PM
The FCC says the wireless industry has become more concentrated and may lack competition, laying the groundwork for possible new regulations that could aid smaller carriers such as Sprint (S -5.7%) and T-Mobile (DT -0.8%). Verizon (VZ -2.6%) disagrees: "The U.S. has the most intensely competitive wireless market on the planet, and it's becoming more competitive by the day."

May 20, 2010, 4:48 PM
Verizon (VZ) and Google (GOOG) are working together on a tablet computer that could rival the iPad (AAPL) and help Verizon better compete with AT&T (T), the carrier for the iPad and Kindle (AMZN). May 12, 2010, 8:43 AM | 3 Comments
Android (GOOG) has passed the iPhone (AAPL) in U.S. mobile market share, thanks to heavily promoted sales of the Droid phone at Verizon (VZ, VOD), NPD Group says. Android surged to 28% share in the first quarter, compared with iPhone's 21%; BlackBerry (RIMM) still leads at 36% of the market.

May 10, 2010, 11:44 AM | 2 Comments
If you're in the market for dividend yields, Verizon (VZ), AT&T (T) and others just showed up on your radar. Utilities might be a relatively safe place to ride out the turmoil, too. May 7, 2010, 3:14 PM | 1 Comment
Looking at the oddities around Google's (GOOG) Nexus One handset marketing - sold online instead of where people can hold it, with little or no advertising - and its setbacks (like Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) backing away), Jeff Bertolucci asks: Was it meant to be a flop? That is, as just a traction grabber for Android (at which it's been a success)? Apr. 28, 2010, 10:52 AM | 4 Comments
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) backed off its plans to offer service for the Nexus One handset from Google (GOOG -2%) - which may be signaling Verizon views Google as more of a competitor than a partner. Up until this morning, the Nexus One site said the phone was coming to Verizon. Apr. 26, 2010, 11:47 AM | 8 Comments
The merger between Qwest (Q) and CenturyTel (CTL) will likely face significant regulatory hurdles, but the move is a long-awaited one for Qwest, which has struggled to stay competitive against wireless operators like AT&T (T) and Verizon (VZ). Apr. 22, 2010, 7:35 AM
Verizon (VZ): Q1 EPS of $0.56 in-line. Revenue of $26.9B (+1.2%) in-line. Shares +0.4% premarket. (PR) Apr. 22, 2010, 7:32 AM
Notable earnings before Thursday's open: ABC, AN, APD, AUO, BAX, BBT, BTU, BX, CAL, CBE, CLS, CY, DHR, DO, ESV, FITB, GNTX, GR, HSY, JNS, KMB, LUV, MAR, MNI, NOK, NUE, NYT, ORI, PENN, PEP, PLD, PM, PNC, RTN, SBIB, SHW, SY, TCB, TXT, UMPQ, UNP, VZ, ZMH

Apr. 22, 2010, 12:05 AM
Microsoft (MSFT) gets social with its new phones, Kin 1 and Kin 2 -  made by Sharp (SHCAY.PK), sold exclusively by Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD), targeted to teens and twenty-somethings. (streaming event)

Apr. 12, 2010, 1:28 PM
The Communications Workers of America union is raising objections to Verizon's $8.6B deal to sell landlines in 14 states to Frontier Communications (FTR). Delays caused by the objections could be costly for Verizon (VZ) since it would need to keep spending to maintain the phone lines it is selling. Apr. 12, 2010, 9:42 AM
Verizon (VZ -0.6%) CEO Ivan Seidenberg says there is "no compelling reason" to merge with wireless partner Vodafone (VOD -2.2%) as a means to gain full control of its fastest-growing business. Apr. 6, 2010, 2:42 PM
Sources say Microsoft (MSFT) will roll out plans to introduce a new line of mobile phones on April 12 that will emphasize social-networking services targeted at young consumers. The so-called "Pink" phones will be offered through a partnership with Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD). Apr. 5, 2010, 4:11 PM | 1 Comment
Joining the healthcare charge parade, Verizon (VZ) expects a one-time charge of about $970M related to the new law, tied to reducing the value of tax-related benefits already reflected in statements. Apr. 1, 2010, 5:40 PM
Apple (AAPL) is reportedly prepping new iPhones for summer, including a CDMA version that would work on Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD). Apple shares hit an all-time intraday high of $233.87 today; +0.6% AH to $233.90. (WSJ)

Mar. 29, 2010, 5:23 PM | 1 Comment
Vodafone (VOD) and Verizon (VZ) are reportedly considering three solutions for jointly-owned Verizon Wireless, including a possible merger of the two firms or a sale of their respective stakes in the venture to each other or to a third party. A merger of the two could be worth over £120B ($179B). Mar. 28, 2010, 1:18 PM | 3 Comments
Rural phone giant Frontier Communications (FTR) sells $3.2B in notes in the biggest high-yield debt sale since May. The sale is part of Frontier's ongoing (and size-tripling) acquisition of exchanges from Verizon (VZ). Mar. 26, 2010, 4:52 PM
AT&T (T) tries to downplay Verizon's (VZ) lead in LTE, a new wireless technology. Verizon plans to roll out LTE by year's end in markets covering 100M people, but AT&T says consumers won't be able to make much use of it for another two years and by then AT&T will have adopted the technology as well. Mar. 22, 2010, 10:17 AM
Verizon (VZ +0.4%) files a patent infringement complaint against Cablevision (CVC -0.1%) over its television set-top boxes. Cablevision says it's "increasingly clear that Verizon is having difficulty competing on the merits in the marketplace, so they are resorting to filing lawsuits and pursuing regulatory bailouts." Mar. 17, 2010, 11:44 AM
Sources say Verizon (VZ) has been the main company pressing the FTC to investigate - with an eye toward blocking - Google's (GOOG) acquisition of AdMob. Verizon frets that the deal could be a precursor to Google launching its own wireless network and becoming a competitor.

Mar. 15, 2010, 2:08 PM | 1 Comment
If you want to build an "index" out of only a few stocks, Eddy Elfenbein locates four (DIS, DD, XOM, UTX) with an 89% daily correlation to the S&P 500 - and bumps it to 95% by adding four more: AXP, IBM, VZ, WMT.

Mar. 10, 2010, 5:29 PM
Cisco (CSCO) introduces a new type of router that triples its predecessor's capacity to 322 terabits/second, in a bid to speed the growth of video transmission. Telecom's been lifting stocks (T +1.2%; VZ +0.9%, S +5.4%), but CSCO on its way down quickly: -1.5% and falling.

Mar. 9, 2010, 11:07 AM | 3 Comments
Skype explains why it's showing up in Nokia's (NOK) app stores everywhere but the U.S.: purely a marketing decision, to drive Skype's deal with Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD). Mar. 5, 2010, 4:39 PM
Setting an April 3 debut for the iPad has helped push Apple (AAPL +3.7%) to its all-time high of $218.50. Heavy dollar volume in AAPL is lifting tech as a sector, with the notable exception of Microsoft (MSFT -0.4%) - whose iPhone catch-up "Project Pink" is rumored to be coming to Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD).

Mar. 5, 2010, 11:56 AM
"Wireless simply cannot be described as a growth industry any more," says Bernstein Research, citing measly 2.6% growth in 4Q09. The report says 2010 expectations "look too optimistic," suggesting lower-than-forecast revenue growth at Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD), AT&T (T), Sprint (S), T-Mobile (DT) and others.

Feb. 26, 2010, 1:21 PM
According to PC World's newest 13-city 3G network performance test, AT&T's (T) much-maligned 3G network has indeed undergone a drastic makeover. Download speeds were 84% better than they were eight months ago - and a full 67% faster than rivals Sprint (S), T-Mobile (DT), and Verizon (VZ, VOD).

Feb. 23, 2010, 4:46 PM
The deal that Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) made with Skype is fascinating but still requires users to pay for a voice component - which means that if it's a game-changer, the change may still be a ways off. Feb. 16, 2010, 5:26 PM
The latest from the Mobile World Congress: Verizon (VZ) has reached agreement allowing smartphone users who have data plans to use Skype, Research in Motion (RIMM) launches a new BlackBerry web browser, and HTC unveiled its new Desire handset with many features similar to Google's (GOOG) Nexus One but at a potentially lower price and wider distribution.

Feb. 16, 2010, 1:31 PM
The FCC will propose a minimum broadband access speed for Americans, hoping to bring 100 mbps to 100M households - more than 20 times typical speeds - as pressure builds on telecoms (including CMCSA, TWX, T, VZ) to loosen control of Web access in the wake of a Google (GOOG) gigabit fiber project announcement.

Feb. 16, 2010, 10:49 AM | 3 Comments
AT&T (T), Sprint (S) and Verizon (VZ) launch a 24-member alliance looking to unseat Apple's (AAPL) App Store. "The alliance's stated goal is to create a wholesale applications ecosystem that will establish a simple route to market for developers to deliver the latest innovative applications and services to the widest possible base of customers around the world."

Feb. 15, 2010, 12:03 PM | 1 Comment
Another milestone in mobile phone companies' migration to selling data instead of voice may come next Tuesday, if Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) announces that voice app Skype is working across its network, as with AT&T (T). (previously)

Feb. 12, 2010, 1:56 PM
The FCC is considering a plan where AT&T (T) and Verizon (VZ) would be forced to share Internet lines with rivals in providing Web services to small businesses. The idea, proposed by Cbeyond Inc. (CBEY), is supported by the Small Business Administration. The FCC's decision "will significantly impact investment in fiber-based networks," Corning (GLW) said in a filing with the agency.

Feb. 12, 2010, 12:12 PM | 2 Comments
Dow leaders: CAT +4.5%, KO +3.7%, AA +2.3%, BA +1.8%, AXP +1.8%, JPM +1.5%, VZ +1.5%.
Dow laggards: MCD -0.1%, WMT -0.1%, PFE -0.1%.

Feb. 9, 2010, 9:55 AM
Leap Wireless (LEAP) bounded +13% into the close on reports it's hired Goldman Sachs to help it consider a merger or sale - possibly to Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) or AT&T (T). Yet the news could be designed to prod MetroPCS (PCS +5.3%) to act - just two and a half years ago, Leap rejected overtures from MetroPCS that valued Leap at $4.7B; today Leap's market cap is around $1B.

Feb. 1, 2010, 4:25 PM
Dow leaders: PG +2%. BAC +1.6%. JPM +1.1%. 
Dow laggards: T -0.9%. VZ -0.8%. Jan. 28, 2010, 9:53 AM
FBR Capital's five reasons for downgrading Verizon (VZ -1%) this morning. Jan. 27, 2010, 10:25 AM
Dow laggards: CAT -4.8%. UTX -2.1%. VZ -1.2%. 
Dow leaders: BA +3.2%. TRV +1%. KFT +0.9%. Jan. 27, 2010, 9:47 AM
Verizon (VZ -1.7%) expects to cut 13,000 jobs this year - not unlike each of the past two years - as business demand for wired service continues to shrink even as wireless grows (by 22.5%). Jan. 26, 2010, 5:16 PM
Dow leaders: TRV +3.9%. AA +3.7%. AXP +3.1%. CAT +2.5%.
Dow laggards: VZ -2.5%. T -0.9%. INTC -0.8%. JNJ -0.4%. Jan. 26, 2010, 1:59 PM
Dow laggards: JNJ -1.2%. KFT -1.2%. VZ -1%. MRK -1%.
Dow leaders: TRV +3.2%. AXP +1.1%. DD +0.7%.

Jan. 26, 2010, 9:53 AM
Verizon (VZ): Q4 EPS of $0.54 in-line. Revenue of $27.1B (+10%) vs. $27.3B. Shares -2%. (PR) Jan. 26, 2010, 7:43 AM
Notable earnings before Tuesday's open: ABC, BHI, CVG, CBE, GLW, DAL, DD, EMC, FPL, JNJ, MHP, MTG, NVS, NUE, BTU, RF, SHW, TLAB, TRV, X, VZ, WFT Jan. 26, 2010, 12:05 AM
Dow leaders: INTC +2.2%. GE +2.2%. HPQ +1.9%. CAT +1.7%. VZ +1.7%.
Dow laggards: AXP -1.8%. KFT -0.9%. HD -0.3%. MCD -0.3%. UTX -0.3%.

Jan. 25, 2010, 3:32 PM
Dow leaders: MRK +2.3%. PFE +2%. CSCO +1.4%. MCD +1.4%. VZ +1.4%.
Dow laggards: KFT -2%. BAC -1.7%. XOM -0.7%. Jan. 19, 2010, 9:57 AM
Verizon Wireless (VZ -1.4%, VOD -2%) fires a shot across the bows both of competitors and "bandwidth hogs," repricing its plans with cuts to basic wireless costs of about $29/month - but likely urging more customers to trade up for data. A Pali Research note estimates the prices amount to a 30% cut in voice and a 50% increase to data, coming to an 8-10% cut overall in popular high-end plans.

Jan. 15, 2010, 10:26 AM | 1 Comment
Dow leaders: MRK +2.7%. MSFT +2.3%. INTC +2.3%. IBM +1.6%.
Dow laggards: WMT -1.2%. VZ -0.9%. DD -0.8%. DIS -0.7%. CAT -0.7%. Jan. 14, 2010, 2:13 PM
Dow laggards: AA -3.6%. MMM -1.1%. VZ -1.1%. MSFT -1.1%. INTC -1%.
Dow leaders: BAC +1.2%. TRV +1%. Jan. 7, 2010, 10:02 AM
Dow leaders: AA +5.2%. BA +2.9%. BAC +1.7%. MMM +1.7%. AXP +1.6%.
Dow laggards: VZ -2.6%. TRV -1.7%. MCD -1.2%. T -1.1%. Jan. 6, 2010, 2:37 PM
Dow leaders: MMM +1.7%. AA +1.3%. AXP +1.2%.
Dow laggards: TRV -2.3%. KFT -2%. VZ -1%.

Jan. 6, 2010, 9:58 AM
Dow leaders after an hour: KFT +3.1%. BAC +1.4%. BA +1.3%. CAT +1.1%. JPM +1.1%.
Laggards: TRV -1.8%. IBM -1%. KO -0.9%. VZ -0.9%. PFE -0.9%. Jan. 5, 2010, 10:41 AM
Yellow-pages publisher Idearc (IDARQ.PK) comes out of bankruptcy to relist on Nasdaq as SuperMedia (SPMD). The Verizon (VZ) spinoff filed for protection in March amid advertising patterns shifting from print to online; it expects its online and direct-mail businesses to grow going forward.

Jan. 4, 2010, 11:25 AM
Speech software company Nuance Communications (NUAN -1%) acquires England's SpinVox for $66M in cash and about $36.5M in stock, in order to boost voice mail speech recognition. SpinVox's customers include units of Verizon Wireless (VZ), Vodafone (VOD) and Telefonica (TEF). Dec. 30, 2009, 11:25 AM | 1 Comment
FCC calls Verizon Wireless' (VZ, VOD) response to its inquiry about the telco's doubling of some early termination fees to $350 unsatisfying and, in some cases, troubling. "Consumers already pay high monthly fees for voice and data designed to cover the costs of doing business. So when they are assessed excessive penalties, especially when they are near the end of their contract term, it is hard for me to believe that the public interest is being well served." Amen. Dec. 24, 2009, 11:04 AM | 3 Comments
Dow leaders: MCD +0.7%. KFT +0.5%. TRV +0.4%. AA +0.4%. VZ +0.4%.
Dow laggards: MRK -1.5%. HD -1.4%. JPM -0.9%. BAC -0.9%. Dec. 23, 2009, 1:12 PM
Dow leaders: GE +1.3%. VZ +0.4%. XOM +0.4%.
Dow laggards: JPM -2.6%. AXP -2.1%. DIS -2.1%. KO -2%. Dec. 17, 2009, 1:25 PM
Dow leaders: JPM +2.2%. HD +1.8%. MRK +1.6%. DD +1.6%. CAT +1.6%.
Dow laggards: XOM -4.7%. WMT -1.2%. CVX -0.8%. VZ -0.4%. PFE -0.3%. Dec. 14, 2009, 3:18 PM
While Google (GOOG) plans to sell the Google phone directly, sources say it has turned to carriers to help it market the Nexus One. So far only T-Mobile (DT) has signed on, which reportedly impacted Google's decision to go with GSM and not CDMA - to the exclusion of Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD). Dec. 14, 2009, 7:31 AM
Dow leaders: MMM +3.6%. PFE +2.7%. HPQ +1.9%. MRK +1.9%.
Dow laggards: UTX -1.4%. VZ -0.7%. BA -0.6%. GE -0.5%. T -0.5%. Dec. 9, 2009, 3:33 PM
Dow leaders: VZ +0.6%. KFT +0.01%.
Dow laggards: BAC -2.8%. DD -2.5%. GE -2.4%. MCD -2.3%. HD -2.2%. Dec. 8, 2009, 3:15 PM
Dow leaders after one hour: VZ +0.1%. IBM 0%.
Laggards: INTC -2.2%. MCD -2%. HD -1.5%. DIS -1.4%. XOM -1.4%. CVX -1.4%. UTX -1.3%. MMM -1.2%. WMT -1.2%. Dec. 8, 2009, 10:30 AM
Dow leaders in the session's last hour: VZ +2%. BA +1.9%. T +1.4%. WMT +0.9%. MCD +0.9%.
Dow laggards: PFE -2%. BAC -1.9%. JPM -1.3%. CAT -1.2%. Dec. 7, 2009, 3:10 PM
Dow leaders: VZ +2.5%. T +2.3%. AA +1.9%. BA +1.8%. AXP +1.2%. 
Dow laggards: PFE -1.2%. CAT -0.8%. BAC -0.6%. MSFT -0.4%. Dec. 7, 2009, 1:54 PM
Early Dow leaders: BA +1.7%. AXP +1.6%. VZ +15%. WMT +1%. T +0.9%. UTX +0.9%. AA +0.7%.
Laggards: BAC -0.7%. CAT -0.6%. Dec. 7, 2009, 10:30 AM
Dow leaders: AA +4.8%. VZ +1%. DD +0.8%. HD +0.7%.
Dow laggards: BAC -1.7%. CAT -1.4%. JPM -1.2%. AXP -1%. HPQ -1%. Dec. 2, 2009, 1:37 PM
AT&T (T +0.6%) and Verizon Wireless (VZ +0.8%, VOD +1.9%) end their kerfuffle over maps, with AT&T dropping its suit over advertised 3G coverage (AT&T was unlikely to prevail, the judge said) and Verizon dropping its earlier suit over "most reliable network" status.

Dec. 2, 2009, 12:38 PM
Dow leaders: HD +4%. PFE +3.1%. AA +3.1%. CAT +3%. VZ +2.5%.
Dow laggards: JPM -1.3%. AXP -1.1%. BAC -0.4%. KFT -0.2%.

Dec. 1, 2009, 2:06 PM
Dow leaders: VZ +1.9%. T +1.5%. GE +1%. JNJ +1%.
Laggards: JPM -1.9%. HPQ -1.3%. AA -1%. BA -0.9%. DIS -0.7%. BAC -0.7%. UTX -0.7%. Nov. 24, 2009, 3:08 PM
Dow leaders: VZ +1.8%. T +1.4%. GE +0.9%. JNJ +0.6%. INTC +0.3%.
Dow laggards: JPM -2.1%. HPQ -1.8%. BA -1.6%. AA -1.5%. MRK -1.3%. Nov. 24, 2009, 1:32 PM
Dow leaders after one hour: VZ +1.4%. T +0.5%.
Laggards: HPQ -2.1%. JPM -2.1%. AA -1.9%. PFE -1.9%. BAC -1.7%. BA -1.6%. KFT -1.4%. Nov. 24, 2009, 10:30 AM
Dow leaders: VZ +2.8%. CVX +2.6%. T +2.1%. GE +2%. XOM +1.8%.
Dow laggards: MRK -0.3%. AA -0.2%. Nov. 23, 2009, 1:59 PM
Dow leaders: MSFT +1.9%. MRK +1.2%. VZ +0.9%. HPQ +0.9%. WMT +0.8%.
Dow laggards: HD -2.9%. BAC -1.5%. MCD -1.4%. CAT -1.1%. Nov. 17, 2009, 3:11 PM
Palm (PALM) up 7.8% as Merrill Lynch reiterates a Buy rating and $20 target after an encouraging meeting with Palm leadership. Despite strong competition, Palm's set to launch products with multiple new carriers next year (including Verizon (VZ)), when it should have a robust apps catalog, management says.

Nov. 11, 2009, 12:41 PM
Michael Arrington: Droid (MOT, GOOG, VZ, VOD) is the coolest mobile phone to exist to date. Nov. 6, 2009, 7:34 AM
AT&T (T) sues Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) over its recent "There's A Map For That" ad campaign, claiming the commercials falsely suggest AT&T has huge gaps in its wireless coverage, and not just its 3G coverage. AT&T, the sole U.S. iPhone carrier, has been widely criticized for its spotty 3G. Nov. 3, 2009, 3:33 PM | 1 Comment
Dow leaders: CAT +1.3%. AA +1.2%. BAC +0.6%. DD +0.6%. DIS +0.5%.
Dow laggards: INTC -3.1%. MRK -2.2%. KO -1.5%. GE -1.5%. VZ -1.4%. Nov. 3, 2009, 3:20 PM
Dow leaders after one hour: DD +0.7%. CAT +0.6%.
Laggards: INTC -3.4%. HD -2.1%. MRK -2%. AA -1.3%. MSFT -1.3%. HPQ -1.3%. VZ -1.1%. PFE -1.1%. BAC -1%. Nov. 3, 2009, 10:30 AM
Motorola's (MOT +5.4%) focus on the Android OS should win it market share and carrier support at the expense of Research In Motion (RIMM -5.1%) and Palm (PALM -6%), Citigroup says, lifting MOT to Buy and dropping its peers to Sell. Firm says Motorola's Droid, which goes on sale this week through Verizon (VZ), is "one of the more compelling offerings at a time when many investors have given up on the company's handsets." Nov. 2, 2009, 5:43 PM
Dow leaders: AA +8.7%. AXP +4.4%. CAT +4.2%. PG +3.9%. GE +3.7%.
Dow laggards: MRK -2.9%. XOM -0.2%. VZ -0.2%. Oct. 29, 2009, 1:24 PM
Unsurprisingly, Google's (GOOG) in today's disruptive phone news: Verizon (VZ) and Motorola's (MOT) Droid phone - positioned strongly against the iPhone's (AAPL) features and network - goes on sale Nov. 6, featuring a new version of Google's Android OS. The new Android also features a free turn-by-turn mapping service, undercutting TomTom's $100 iPhone service and putting pressure on GPS hardware marketers including TomTom and Garmin (GRMN).

Oct. 28, 2009, 11:42 AM | 1 Comment
Dow leaders early on: T +1%. VZ +1%. DD +0.9%. PG +0.6%.
Laggards: AA -2.6%. JPM -1.4%. BAC -1.3%. DIS -1.1%. GE -1.1%. AXP -0.9%. HD -0.8%. BA -0.7%. Oct. 28, 2009, 10:03 AM
Dow leaders: AXP +2.5%. XOM +2.1%. VZ +1.8%. CVX +1.7%. DD +1.5%.
Dow laggards: AA -2.6%. DIS -1.7%. HPQ -1.3%. MMM -1.2%. Oct. 27, 2009, 1:20 PM
Rural communications company Frontier Communications (FTR) up 0.7% after its shareholders sign off on an $8.6B stock offer to acquire Verizon's (VZ) local exchange carriers in 14 states. Frontier takes over 4.8M Verizon lines in the deal and triples in size. Oct. 27, 2009, 12:08 PM
Dow leaders after one hour: DD +2.2%. AXP +2%. CVX +1.8%. XOM +1.8%. VZ +1.8%. JPM +1.4%. PFE +1.4%. MRK +1.2%. INTC +1%.
Laggards: AA -1.3%. DIS -1.2%. BA -0.8%. Oct. 27, 2009, 10:30 AM
Verizon (VZ): Q3 EPS of $0.60 beats by $0.01. Revenue of $27.27B (+10.2%) in-line. Shares +2.4% premarket. (PR) Oct. 26, 2009, 7:31 AM
Notable pre-market earnings: ACV, GLW, LO, MHP, NOV, ONB, RSH, TLAB, VZ, WRI

Oct. 26, 2009, 12:05 AM
Dow leaders: BAC +3.6%. DD +3.1%. CAT +3.1%. JPM +3.1%. GE +2.6%.
Dow laggards: JNJ -0.8%. HD -0.5%. VZ -0.5%. KO -0.3%. Oct. 14, 2009, 1:53 PM | 2 Comments
Dow leaders early on: IBM +1.5%. CVX +1.4%. HPQ +1.3%. DD +1.2%. INTC +1%. Laggards: VZ -1%. MCD -0.8%. T -0.7%. CAT -0.7%. Oct. 9, 2009, 10:04 AM
Dow leaders: HD +3.1%. MSFT +2.9%. AXP +2.6%. DD +2.6%. AA +2.5%.
Dow laggards: T -1%. TRV -0.9%. VZ -0.5%. KO -0.2%. Oct. 8, 2009, 1:13 PM
Bing (MSFT) seach share growth takes its dip according to Hitware's Sept. numbers, falling to 8.96% from 9.48%. Google (GOOG) rose impressively to 71.08%, while Yahoo (YHOO) fell to 16.38% from 16.96%. What's interesting is the possibility Verizon's (VZ, VOD) new Android (GOOG) phones may come with Bing as the default search engine.

Oct. 7, 2009, 9:30 AM
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) becomes the latest U.S. carrier to say it will develop and sell Android-based phones and services. Google's (GOOG) end game appears to be cornering targeted advertising on mobile phones, which many analysts believe is the next big frontier in advertising. Oct. 6, 2009, 1:19 PM
With markets up almost 50% since March, fund managers are generally treading carefully. Here are some stocks the group says may still have some juice: Commodities (RIG, STLD), healthcare (ABT, GILD), business spending (AMD, ASML), and top fliers that were left behind (BMY, VZ, WMT). Sep. 29, 2009, 5:55 PM | 1 Comment
Dow leaders after 1.5 hours: BA +3.8%. PFE +1.8%. GE +0.6%. Laggards: T -1.2%. VZ -1.1%. MMM -1.1%. HD -1%. CVX -0.9%. INTC -0.9%. Sep. 29, 2009, 11:00 AM
Palm's (PALM -4.7%) high-stakes Pre smartphone faces a setback, as Verizon (VZ) decides not to support the phone in January as expected. The Pre has been exclusively offered on the Sprint (S) network; sources say less-than-blockbuster sales of under a million units are partly to blame.

Sep. 24, 2009, 5:11 PM | 3 Comments
Dow leaders: MCD +1.4%. TRV +1.1%. PG +1.1%. VZ +0.9%. MSFT +0.8%.
Dow laggards: AA -4.5%. GE -2.8%. CAT -2.4%. BAC -2.4%. DD -2.3%. Sep. 24, 2009, 3:15 PM
Dow leaders: MCD +1.2%. TRV +1.1%. PG +1.1%. VZ +0.8%. KFT +0.7%.
Dow laggards: AA -4.1%. GE -2.8%. CAT -2.6%. BAC -2.5%. DD -2.1%.

Sep. 24, 2009, 1:17 PM
Dow leaders early on: PG +0.9%. VZ +0.7%. Laggards: AA -4.4%. CAT -3.1%. GE -2.8%. DD -2.6%. AXP -2.1%. INTC -1.8%. HD -1.5%. BAC -1.5%. Sep. 24, 2009, 10:50 AM
Dutch firm iRex enlists Verizon Wireless (VZ), Qualcomm (QCOM), Best Buy (BBY) and Barnes & Noble (BKS) for help in its new e-reader to be sold later this fall. The new reader crowds into a market featuring devices from Amazon.com (AMZN), Sony (SNE) and soon from Plastic Logic. Sep. 23, 2009, 1:31 PM
Dow leaders: INTC +2%. T +1.9%. TRV +1.4%. VZ +1.1%. GE +1%.
Dow laggards: JPM -1.4%. CAT -1.1%. CSCO -0.9%. CVX -0.9%. PFE -0.9%. BA -0.9%. Sep. 23, 2009, 11:03 AM
Dow leaders: BAC +1.4%. KFT +1.2%. CAT +1.2%. UTX +1.1%. KO +1%.
Dow laggards: GE -3%. AA -2.3%. VZ -1.7%. TRV -1.7%. INTC -1.3%. Sep. 17, 2009, 1:14 PM
Dow leaders: GE +3%. AA +1.9%. KFT +1.7%. AXP +1.4%. DD +1.4%.
Dow laggards: VZ -0.7%. MSFT -0.4%.

Sep. 17, 2009, 10:10 AM
Dow leaders: GE +5.7%. AA +3.2%. HD +2.5%. MCD +2.5%. JPM +2.3%.
Dow laggards: VZ -2%. MRK -1.6%. T -0.8%. TRV -0.4%. HPQ -0.2%. Sep. 16, 2009, 3:10 PM
Verizon (VZ -2.7%) under pressure after UBS downgrades shares to Neutral. "We believe that the business market continues to worsen and is unlikely to improve until 2010. We also expect a slowdown in consumer metrics in the third quarter," firm says, also noting Verizon's slow progress in shaving its workforce.

Sep. 16, 2009, 11:08 AM
Dow leaders: GE +2.3%. AA +1.8%. DD +1.15%. HD +1%. CAT +1%.
Dow laggards: VZ -2.8%. MRK -1.3%. KO -1%. Sep. 16, 2009, 10:02 AM
Dow leaders: AA +5.8%. GE +3.8%. CAT +3.6%.  Losers: PFE -0.9%. WMT -0.6%. PG -0.5%. VZ -0.5%. Sep. 15, 2009, 1:16 PM
Dow leaders: AA +2.7%. GE +2.6%. INTC +1.4%. Losers: PFE -1.3%. JPM -1%. VZ -0.9%. Sep. 15, 2009, 10:32 AM
Verizon (VZ) President and COO (and former Verizon Wireless chief, meaning he likely rejected Apple's (AAPL) iPhone advances) Dennis Strigl will retire by year's end.

Sep. 3, 2009, 3:50 PM
Dow leaders: CAT +1.8%. DD +1.3%. DIS +1.1%. UTX +1.1%.
Dow laggards: VZ -0.9%. GE -0.7%. Sep. 1, 2009, 10:09 AM
Piper Jaffray's Gene Munster says Apple (AAPL) will likely add new U.S. carriers for the iPhone within a year. Verizon (VZ) is seen as a likely addition. Meanwhile, AT&T (T) faces questions about how much it's actually gained from being an exclusive carrier. Sep. 1, 2009, 8:02 AM
While most newspapers are clamoring for any ads they can get, Newsday turns down a lucrative contract from Verizon (VZ), a direct competitor of parent company Cablevision (CVC). Newsday also rejected other ads critical of Cablevision decisions. Aug. 31, 2009, 3:42 PM
Following Comcast's (CMCSA) announcement of a Web TV service in July, Time Warner Cable (TWC) and Verizon (VZ) say separately they will test offering shows on the Web to their customers. Aug. 27, 2009, 3:31 PM
Dow leaders: BA +8.6%. AXP +1.8%. KO +0.6%. TRV +0.6%. BAC +0.5%.
Dow laggards: VZ -1.6%. CSCO -1.6%. XOM -1.5%. CVX -1.3%. AA -1.1%. Aug. 27, 2009, 1:21 PM
TiVo (TIVO) files a suit charging AT&T (T) and Verizon (VZ) with infringing three of its patents and seeking a permanent injunction to force the two companies to shut off their DVRs. The action is similar to one taken against Dish Network (DISH) and its sister company EchoStar (SATS), in what is becoming a protracted legal fight over time-shifting television.

Aug. 26, 2009, 5:13 PM
The FCC plans to investigate whether AT&T (T) and Verizon (VZ) unfairly hurt rivals by denying them connections and making it hard for subscribers to switch providers. A probe could signal the start of a broader government push for antitrust scrutiny.

Aug. 21, 2009, 7:25 AM | 2 Comments
With no major purchases on its horizon, Verizon (VZ +1.2%) plans to pay off $20B in debt over the next two years. The company took on $22B to take over Alltel in January. CFO John Killian: "We have more debt pay-down ahead of us, not debt raising." Aug. 20, 2009, 3:22 PM | 3 Comments
Qwest (Q) is ending its mobile phone service to focus on its landline business and its partnership with Verizon Wireless (VZ). Customers have 60 days to find a new wireless provider. Shares -1.6% premarket.

Aug. 19, 2009, 8:12 AM | 2 Comments
Dow leaders: AXP +4.9%. BAC +2.5%. CAT +1.1%. HD +1.1%. GE +1%.
Dow laggards: VZ -1.5%. PG -1.1%. T -1%. Aug. 6, 2009, 9:59 AM
Dow leaders: CAT +6%. BAC +2.9%. AA +1.7%. JPM +1.2%.
Dow laggards: CSCO -1.2%. VZ -0.9%. UTX -0.9%. MRK -0.9%. MSFT -0.9%. CVX -0.7%. Aug. 4, 2009, 3:11 PM
Dow leaders: CAT +4%. KO +0.6%. BAC +0.4%. PFE +0.4%.
Dow laggards: GE -1.7%. AXP -1.2%. AA -1%. CSCO -1%. VZ -1%. MSFT -1%. Aug. 4, 2009, 10:41 AM
Dow leaders: T +1.2%. VZ +1.1%. UTX +1%. BAC +0.8%. MSFT +0.8%. 
Dow laggards: CAT -3.2%. GE -2.8%. DD -2.6%. CVX -2.5%. AA -2.3%. Jul. 29, 2009, 3:09 PM | 1 Comment
Dow leaders: GE +2.8%. AA +2.5%. BAC +2.2%. DD +1.2%. MMM +1.1%.
Dow laggards: VZ -1.3%. HD -1%. BA -1%. Jul. 27, 2009, 10:11 AM
Verizon (VZ): Q2 EPS of $0.63 in-line. Revenue of $26.9B (+11.3%) in-line. Shares -1.2% premarket. (PR) Jul. 27, 2009, 8:06 AM
Notable earnings before Monday's open: AET, ANR, EPD, FCL, GLW, HON, ICO, LO, RSH, SOHU, TLAB, VZ Jul. 27, 2009, 12:05 AM | 1 Comment
Dow leaders: MMM +7.2%. AA +6.6%. CAT +6.1%. DD +5.8%. DIS +5.3%. VZ +4.9%.
Dow laggards: MCD -5.3%. WMT -0.4%. Jul. 23, 2009, 3:15 PM
Dow leaders: HD +2%. DIS +1.8%. INTC +1.1%. GE +1%.
Dow laggards: T -1.7%. VZ -0.7%. AA -0.5%. IBM -0.5%. BAC -0.5%. MSFT -0.5%. Jul. 14, 2009, 1:48 PM
Ericsson (ERIC) plans to spend $1.5B in South Korea over the next five years to develop high-speed wireless technology backed by AT&T (T) and Verizon Wireless (VZ). Jul. 13, 2009, 8:38 AM
Dow leaders: AA +3%. DD +1.7%. JPM +1.3%. HD +1.3%. WMT +1.2%.
Dow laggards: GE -1.4%. VZ -1.2%. MSFT -1.2%. T -1.2%. Jul. 8, 2009, 9:55 AM
Dow leaders: BAC +1.7%. MSFT +1.4%. MCD +1.3%. INTC +1.2%. BA +1.1%.
Dow laggards: CAT -1.5%. VZ -0.7%. Jun. 30, 2009, 10:08 AM
Hulu's haunting of pay TV providers is leading to new partnerships: Comcast (who today signed an ad deal with competitor Verizon) is teaming up with Time Warner to offer online shows - for cable subscribers only. (CMCSA, VZ, TWC)

Jun. 24, 2009, 2:58 PM
Comcast (CMCSA) to sell ads for rival Verizon's (VZ) FiOS TV service after the two ink a 5.5-year deal. "Even as we and Verizon compete in other areas of our businesses, we both recognize the value of being partners in the advertising business," Comcast's COO Steve Burke said. Jun. 24, 2009, 9:49 AM
In an effort to boost its ad business by expanding beyond PCs, Microsoft (MSFT) signs a deal with Global Hyatt Corp. to put hotel ads on Verizon Wireless (VZ) phones. Jun. 22, 2009, 8:12 AM
Research In Motion (RIMM +3.4%) will let Sprint (S +4.5%) sell the new BlackBerry Tour at the same time Verizon (VZ -0.2%) starts selling it this summer, a big coup for Sprint which usually comes second in line. It's also a snub to Palm (PALM +7.8%), which handed Sprint the keys to its "Hail Mary" Pre earlier this month.

Jun. 16, 2009, 12:35 PM
Apple (AAPL) must decide whether to extend its exclusive iPhone relationship with AT&T (T), set to expire sometime in 2010. A deal to include Verizon (VZ) could boost iPhone sales by at least 100%, but would cut into revenue per phone. Jun. 2, 2009, 8:44 AM
Dow laggards: GM -30.96%. INTC -1.84%. HPQ -1.44%. JPM -1.36%. VZ -1.15%. May 29, 2009, 2:22 PM
While AT&T (T) tries to rein-in bandwidth hogs, rival Verizon Wireless (VZ) turns up the heat by rolling out cheaper, less restrictive plans. May 14, 2009, 11:14 AM | 1 Comment
Dow leaders: PFE +3.3%. MRK +3.1%. VZ +1.2%. May 13, 2009, 9:58 AM
Frontier Communications (FTR) to acquire 4.8M land lines in 14 states from Verizon (VZ) for $8.6B in stock. Verizon will spin off some local exchanges into a new company (SpinCo), which will then be merged with Frontier. The deal will allow Verizon to focus on wireless, broadband and internet. Premarket VZ +1.8%. FTR flat. (PR) May 13, 2009, 7:38 AM
Dow leaders: PFE +3.4%. MRK +2.2%. KFT +1.7%. PG +1.3%. VZ +1.2%.

May 12, 2009, 10:06 AM
With Novatel Wireless' (NVTL) MiFi hotspot, users can get wireless internet access anywhere. Sleek, simple to use, and better than the cellular modems from the likes of Verizon (VZ) and Sprint (S), the device could be a game changer.

May 8, 2009, 9:55 AM | 1 Comment
Dow laggards: T -3.4%. VZ -2.3%. BA -1.6%. HPQ -1.6%. INTC -1.3%. May 7, 2009, 9:57 AM
Dow laggards: PG -3.4%. XOM -1.5%. VZ -0.7%. Apr. 30, 2009, 10:03 AM
Sources say Microsoft (MSFT) and Verizon (VZ) are in talks to launch an iPhone (AAPL) rival. Code-named Pink, the phone will showcase an extended Windows Mobile. (WSJ) Apr. 28, 2009, 1:36 PM | 5 Comments
Verizon (VZ): Q1 EPS of $0.63 beats by $0.04. Revenue of $26.6B (+11.6%) vs. $26.3B. Shares -3.2% premarket. (PR) Apr. 27, 2009, 7:48 AM
Notable earnings before Monday's open: BEAV, CHKP, EPD, GLW, HUM, IMA, LO, OMC, QCOM, SII, TKR, VZ, WHR Apr. 27, 2009, 12:05 AM
Barnes & Noble (BKS) is working on a Kindle competitor (AMZN), sources say. Sprint Nextel (S) seems to be BKS's partner, although AT&T (T) and Verizon (VZ) have also been mentioned.

Apr. 8, 2009, 10:42 AM
Dow laggards: AA -5.1%. T -4.3%. GE -4.1%. GM -4.0%. VZ -3.7%. Apr. 7, 2009, 10:03 AM
If Qwest (Q) sells its long-distance network, it would be left largely as a regional provider of telephone and internet services to consumers. Potential bidders could include AT&T (T), Verizon (VZ) and Level 3 Communications (LVLT). (previously)

Apr. 2, 2009, 7:30 AM
Alcatel-Lucent (ALU) names Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) as a customer. Starent's (STAR) days as Verizon Wireless' only supplier appear to be numbered.

Apr. 1, 2009, 1:21 PM
Dow leaders: C +3.2%. VZ +1.8%. AA +1.6%. BAC +1.6%. JPM +1.5%. Apr. 1, 2009, 10:12 AM | 1 Comment
Verizon (VZ) and AT&T (T) may snub the government's offer of $7.2B for high-speed internet projects. Wary about government restrictions and with no clear financial benefits in accepting the aid, the two firms have remained noncommittal thus far.

Apr. 1, 2009, 7:37 AM
Dow laggards: C -3.0%. VZ -1.5%. JPM -1.4%. BAC -1.2%. T -1.3%. Mar. 26, 2009, 11:04 AM
Dow leaders: C +7.7%. HD +6.1%. INTC +2.5%. VZ +2.1%. T +2.0%. Mar. 17, 2009, 11:02 AM
MetroPCS Communications (PCS) unveils a $50/month unlimited plan for the BlackBerry Curve 8330 (RIMM). That's about half what Sprint's (S) charging via its Simply Everything plan - which was a good deal "until about 13 seconds ago." Should put pressure on T and VZ to come up with cheaper BlackBerry plans. RIMM +2.1% premarket.

Mar. 11, 2009, 9:10 AM
Dow laggards: MRK -3.6%. HPQ -2.7%. VZ -2.3%. IBM -2.0%. DD -1.8%. Mar. 9, 2009, 10:53 AM
According to 'deep throats' at Apple (AAPL), Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) will soon be announced as an iPhone provider, ending Apple's exclusivity agreement with AT&T (T).

Feb. 23, 2009, 11:58 AM
Dow leaders: T +2.41%; VZ +2.22%; INTC +0.63%; MSFT +0.51%. Feb. 20, 2009, 11:07 AM
Shares of Sprint Nextel (S) opened higher after FBR's David Dixon upgraded S to Outperform ahead of tomorrow morning's Q4 results, which he expects will be flat - as opposed to the sequential declines at rivals Verizon (VZ) and AT&T (T) - the first time in recent history S would lead the pack. S recently +0.7%.

Feb. 18, 2009, 11:27 AM
As consumers switch to cell phones and VoIP, Verizon (VZ) may offer a $5 landline that accepts incoming calls but only dials out to 911. Though risky, Verizon might chance the move; the company lost 3.7M access lines, or 9.3% of its base, in 2008. Feb. 17, 2009, 10:55 AM
According to an internal email, Verizon (VZ -4.8%) is revamping Verizon Prepaid service. PhoneNews.com has the details.

Feb. 10, 2009, 3:30 PM
Appeals court agrees that Verizon (VZ) tactic to contact customers whose numbers are being transferred to rival (cable) carriers (CMCSA, TWC) in an effort to lure them back is illegal. VZ -4%. CMCSA -6%. TWC -3%. Feb. 10, 2009, 2:53 PM
Dow leaders: CAT +3%. AXP +2.9%. INTC +2.21%. JPM +2.1%. Laggards: KFT -9.4%. BAC -7%. DIS -7.8%. GM -3.5%. WMT -2.6%. PG -2.6%. T -2.6%. VZ -2.3%.

Feb. 4, 2009, 3:04 PM
AT&T (T) is emerging as a strong contender for the $3B in wireless assets rival Verizon Wireless (VZ) needs to divest as part of its purchase of Alltel. Feb. 4, 2009, 6:24 AM
Dow leaders: MRK +3.7%. AA +1.8%. C +1.6%. VZ +1.1%. PFE +0.8%. Feb. 3, 2009, 9:58 AM
If cheap is chic, then Leap Wireless (LEAP) is looking mighty fashionable, Barron's says. Leap and low-cost rival MetroPCS (PCS) offer unlimited cell service at monthly prices ranging from $30 to $60 - about half the cost of big players like AT&T (T) and Verizon Wireless (VZ). LEAP +1.3%.

Jan. 29, 2009, 10:16 AM
In an email today, Verizon (VZ -3.7%) says it's sold 1M BlackBerry Storms (RIMM +5.9%) to date since the device launched late last year. For a device that some have labeled a dud, that's not too shabby. Jan. 27, 2009, 3:07 PM | 2 Comments
Dow leaders with two hours to go: AXP +9.2%. BAC +8.3%. C +7.2%. GE +4.2%. INTC +3.1%. MRK +2.5%. AA +2.2%. DIS +1.6%. Laggards: VZ -3.7%. HD -3.5%. T -2.3%. CAT -1.1%. Jan. 27, 2009, 2:00 PM
Dow laggards: VZ -5.2%. DD -2.9%. T -2.0%. HD -1.4%. Jan. 27, 2009, 10:00 AM
Verizon (VZ): Q4 EPS of $0.61 in-line. Revenue of $24.6B (+3.4%) vs. $24.7B. (PR) Jan. 27, 2009, 7:42 AM
Notable earnings before Tuesday's open: AKS, ASH, AVY, BJS, BMS, BMY, BTU, CBE, CHKP, CP, CVG, DAL, DD, EMC, ENR, FMER, FPL, GLW, HSY, KCI, LXK, MHP, NUE, NYB, RYN, SI, STE, STJ, TIN, TLAB, TRV, VLO, VZ, WAT, WDR, X Jan. 27, 2009, 12:05 AM
Dow leaders: MRK +1.6%. T +0.7%. PFE +0.6%. VZ +0.5%. PG +0.5%. Laggards: BAC -17%. JPM -13%. GM -11.7%. C -11.7%. AXP -5.6%. GE -5.7%. AA -5.3%. DD -4.5%. CAT -3.8%. HD -4%. MSFT -3.5%. IBM -3.3%. INTC -2.8%. CVX -2.7%. Jan. 20, 2009, 10:03 AM
Dow laggards: BAC -19.0%. C -11.9%. VZ -4.4%. T -2.9%. GE -2.8%. Jan. 15, 2009, 9:56 AM
CBS (CBS) could announce its second retransmission deal in two weeks, this time with Verizon's FioS (VZ), which serves 8.2M homes. Expected proceeds: $250M, although neither side will admit to that, again.

Jan. 12, 2009, 9:37 AM
Cable TV firm Charter Communications (CHTR +42%), is suing Verizon (VZ +1.7%), alleging the phone company’s FiOS network infringes four patents. Charter is trying to trim an absurd $21B in debt; VZ is spending $23B to expand its triple-play FiOS network. Jan. 8, 2009, 10:42 AM
Microsoft (MSFT) beats out Google (GOOG) and Yahoo (YHOO) to provide Verizon Wireless (VZ) customers with mobile web services. MSFT has one-seventh the internet search traffic of Google (.pdf), and is paying to cement this deal and ones with H-P (HPQ) and Sun (JAVA) to try and narrow the gap.

Jan. 7, 2009, 3:59 PM | 1 Comment
Dow leaders: VZ +0.7%. Jan. 7, 2009, 9:53 AM
Shares of AT&T (T -4.3%) and Verizon (VZ -5.3%) are down sharply after Bernstein downgrades shares of both, saying the recession and a saturated U.S. wireless market are likely to hurt growth in 2009. Meanwhile Leap Wireless (LEAP +5.5%) is up on a Wachovia upgrade. Jan. 5, 2009, 10:29 AM
Dow laggards: VZ -5.2%. JPM -4.5%. T -3.8%. GE -2.2%. AA -2.1%. Jan. 5, 2009, 9:57 AM
Dow leaders: GM +6.0%. C +1.8%. VZ +1.2%. PG +1.1%. MCD +1.0%. Dec. 24, 2008, 10:02 AM
Dow leaders: C +2.7%. VZ +2.1%. JPM +1.5%. MRK +1.3%. T +1.2%. Dec. 22, 2008, 10:06 AM
Turnaround specialist George Putnam thinks the time is ripe for Quest (Q) to be acquired, and says it could be a tasty snack for AT&T (T), Verizon (VZ), or a foreign company eager to establish a foothold in the U.S. telecom scene. Dec. 17, 2008, 12:32 PM
Facebook, Apple (AAPL), Yahoo (YHOO), Verizon (VZ) and FedEx (FDX) make the top-20 most-trusted U.S. companies list for the first time, while Google (GOOG), Countrywide, Bank of America (BAC) and Weight Watchers (WTW) drop off. Top spot, for the fourth straight year, goes to American Express (AXP). More here.

Dec. 15, 2008, 3:04 PM | 2 Comments
Dow laggards: JPM -4.9%, T -3.4%, BAC -2.8%, VZ -2.4%, AXP -2.5%. Dec. 15, 2008, 10:02 AM
Dow leaders: C +12.4%. GE +10.6%. BAC +10%. MRK +6.4%. GM +6.1%. AA +6.1%. AXP +5.3%. INTC +5.3%. JPM +5.3%. VZ +4.9%. DIS +4.7%. T +4.5%. Dec. 2, 2008, 12:03 PM
Dow leaders: JPM +7.8%. C +5.9%. GE +3.8%. HD +2.9%. VZ +2.7%. Nov. 25, 2008, 10:10 AM
Dow leaders: GM +7.2%. INTC +2.8%. VZ +2.3%. WMT +2.3%. BA +1.8%. T +1.6%. HPQ +1.6%. Nov. 20, 2008, 3:02 PM
No Dow gainers, lots of big losers. C -22.85%. BAC -14%. AA -13.9%. JPM -11.4%. GE -10%. DD -9.9%. GM -9.7%. MSFT -6.8%. UTX -6.75%. CAT -6.4%. VZ -5.5%. BA -5.3%. IBM -5.3%. Nov. 19, 2008, 4:14 PM
If the WSJ is right, Microsoft (MSFT) is about to one-up Google (GOOG) and become Verizon Wireless' (VZ) default search provider, a coup accomplished by offering Verizon twice Google's revenue share. Will Google (GOOG) panic?

Nov. 12, 2008, 3:09 PM
Dow gainers: AA +4%. MCD +1.5%. VZ +1.2%. WMT +0.7%. Losers: GM -24%. DIS -6.5%. BAC -6%. AXP -6%. C -5.5% MRK -4.7%. Nov. 10, 2008, 3:01 PM
Dow leaders: GE +7.3%. CAT +6.2%. CVX +5.8%. T +5.4%. AA +5%. VZ +4.7%. UTX +4.3%. C +4.1%. INTC +4%. XOM +3.8%. DIS +3.8%. HD +3.2%. MSFT +3.1%. Laggard: HPQ -2.2%. Nov. 4, 2008, 2:05 PM
Dow leaders: GM +3.6%. T +3.1%. VZ +2.8%. CAT +2.7%. AXP +2.7%. Nov. 3, 2008, 10:03 AM
Midday Dow leaders: WMT +5.9%. VZ +5.6%. BA +5.4%. XOM +4.65%. T +4.5%. GM +4.4%. AA +4%. CVX +3.8%. Oct. 28, 2008, 2:08 PM
Dow leaders: BA +4.1%. GM +4.0%. XOM +3.6%. VZ +3.0%. WMT +2.6%. Oct. 28, 2008, 11:21 AM
Premarket gainers: DDR +21%. CNB +10%. NQ +10%. SOHU +8%. HUN +7%. TKC +7%. FITB +7%. LYG +6%. AMR +6%. UAUA +6%. CIT +5%. VZ +4%.

Oct. 27, 2008, 9:23 AM
Verizon (VZ): Q3 EPS of $0.66 in-line. Revenue of $24.75B (+4.1%) vs. $24.52B. Organic growth of 1.5M net retail customers. (PR) Oct. 27, 2008, 7:41 AM
Notable earnings before Monday's open: ACI, BEAV, EXP, FPL, HUM, LO, ONB, PENN, SOHU, TDW, VZ Oct. 27, 2008, 12:05 AM
FCC regulators are considering raising rates on residential phone lines, a move that could create a potential windfall for established phone giants (T, VZ). Oct. 15, 2008, 8:33 AM
Verizon (VZ) dropped a bomb today on companies who send out text alerts: a new fee of 3 cents per outgoing text message, effective Nov. 1. Oct. 10, 2008, 4:31 PM
Dow leaders: T +1.4%, VZ +1.0%, PFE +1.0%. Oct. 2, 2008, 10:01 AM
AT&T (T) (AAPL) smack-talks BlackBerry Storm (RIMM) (VZ). Sep. 24, 2008, 11:21 AM
Dow leaders: AIG +30%. MSFT +2.9%. XOM +2%. AA +2%. CVX +1.7%. Laggards: JPM -10%. AXP -8.2%. BAC -6.9%. HD -4.2%. GM -4.4%. VZ -3.75%. DD -3.7%. Sep. 22, 2008, 2:02 PM
Dow laggards: BA -2.5%, VZ -1.2%, T -1.1%, C -0.9%, JPM -0.8%. Sep. 10, 2008, 10:03 AM
Dow leaders: HPQ +3.0%, MCD +2.8%, GM +2.0%, VZ +1.9%, BA +1.7%. Sep. 9, 2008, 10:02 AM
AT&T's (T) rivals tee off on its iPhone 3G headaches. "A phone is only as good as the network it's on," a Verizon (VZ) full-page ad trumpets. iPhone fans tend to be more forgiving of Apple (AAPL). Aug. 29, 2008, 2:34 PM
Morgan Stanley (MS) will help Verizon Wireless (VZ) sell overlapping assets as a result of its proposed merger with Alltel. Said assets could be worth $3-4B.

Aug. 26, 2008, 1:17 PM
Dow laggards: BA -1.7%, MCD -1.3%, GE -0.9%, IBM -0.9%, VZ -0.8% Aug. 26, 2008, 10:30 AM
Verizon (VZ) is close to a deal with Google (GOOG) on a wide-ranging mobile-search partnership that would make Google the default search provider for Verizon devices. Revenues to be split.

Aug. 22, 2008, 6:22 AM
Qwest (Q) faces a possible 20,000 worker strike this Sunday. Verizon (VZ) reached a deal with the union last Sunday, which could pave the path for Quest. Aug. 14, 2008, 2:40 PM
Dow laggards: T -1.4%. AA -1.3%. WMT -1.0%. VZ -0.9%. Aug. 14, 2008, 10:05 AM
Dow leaders: HD +4.25%. AXP +3.5%. C +3%. DIS +2.6%. T +2.4%. VZ +2.4%. JPM +2%. Laggards: AIG -1.7%. BA -1.6%. CVX -1.4%. XOM -1.4%. AA -1.3%. Aug. 11, 2008, 12:02 PM
Verizon (VZ) strikes a deal with two labor unions covering 65,000 workers - averting a possible strike. A tentative three-year contract includes raises of 11%. Aug. 11, 2008, 10:08 AM
Dow leaders: INTC +2%. MRK +0.4%. Laggards: AIG -15.7%. WMT -3.6%. T -1.7%. VZ -1.6%. UTX -1.5%. C -1.1%. Aug. 7, 2008, 10:15 AM
Barron's Tech Trader Eric Savitz says recent earnings results give him every reason to believe telcos (VZ, T) are being owned (pwned) by the cables (CVC, CMCSA). Aug. 3, 2008, 3:35 PM
Verizon (VZ): Q2 EPS of $0.67 beats by $0.02. Revenue of $24.12B (+3.7%) in-line. Shares +0.7%. [PR] Jul. 28, 2008, 8:01 AM
Notable earnings before Monday's open: ACV, BOH, CNA, KFT, MV, SOHU, SPG, TSN, VZ, WWY

Jul. 28, 2008, 12:05 AM
Dow strength: AIG +5.2%. T +4.5%. GM +4.1%. PFE +3%. HD +2.8%. VZ +2.8%. GE +2.4%. MSFT +2.2%. Jul. 23, 2008, 12:39 PM
Dow strength: AIG +5.2%. T +4.5%. GM +4.1%. PFE +3%. HD +2.8%. VZ +2.8%. GE +2.4%. MSFT +2.2%. Jul. 23, 2008, 12:30 PM
Boy Genius says BlackBerry Thunder (RIMM) coming in mid-October on Verizon (VZ).

Jul. 16, 2008, 9:13 AM
Struggling music subscription services RealNetworks (RNWK) and Napster (NAPS) are betting on new partnerships with wireless carriers Verizon (VZ) and AT&T (T). The benefits look good on paper, but have yet to make a serious impact. Jul. 8, 2008, 3:43 PM
With U.S. broadband usage stalled at 55%, carriers (T, Q, S, VZ) are finding it increasingly difficult to grow their overall businesses.

Jul. 3, 2008, 10:17 AM
A moody Ivan Seidenberg (VZ CEO) scoffs at suggestions Apple's (AAPL) iPhone is poised to become a mass-market handset. "Steve Jobs eventually will get old... I like our chances." Jun. 30, 2008, 9:18 AM
Vodafone (VOD) is up 4.6%. Verizon (VZ) is pressuring VOD to sell its 45% stake in Verizon Wireless, their JV.

Jun. 30, 2008, 8:58 AM
RealNetworks' (RNWK) Rhapsody is ditching DRM, a move it hopes will make it a stronger iTunes (AAPL) rival. Distribution parnters include Yahoo (YHOO), MTV (VIA) and Verizon (VZ). Jun. 30, 2008, 7:39 AM
Verizon (VZ) is being banned from trying to talk customers back on board while they wait for their phone numbers to be transferred to cable phone. Positive for cable providers CMCSA and TWC.

Jun. 23, 2008, 9:11 AM
Telecoms are down after UBS downgraded Verizon (VZ) and AT&T (T) to Neutral from Buy. The economic slowdown is pressuring wireline fundamentals more than expected, it said. VZ -3%. T -2.7%. S -1.6%. VOD -1.5%. Q -1.7%.

Jun. 16, 2008, 10:47 AM
BusinessWeek on being an iPhone (AAPL) rival (RIMM, DT, VZ, NOK): People want the real thing. Consumers will need an incentive to settle for something other than the iPhone. Jun. 16, 2008, 9:45 AM
Palm (PALM) is up 10.8% after Verizon Wireless (VZ) (VOD) agrees to sell its $99 Centro smartphone. Analysts say it's still cheap. Jun. 12, 2008, 3:51 PM
Nortel (NT) +11.7%. Investors cheer its confirmed 2008 guidance, and a Verizon (VZ) order for metro ethernet equipment. Its soft spot: No 3G. Jun. 11, 2008, 2:58 PM
Tangential benefit of Verizon's (VZ) Alltel buyout, assuming $22.2B in debt: Insurance on LBO debt fell 12 BP -- the most in three weeks -- as the total backlog dropped from $99B to $77B. Jun. 5, 2008, 2:35 PM
Verizon Wireless (VZ, VOD) will become the number-one U.S. mobile provider, followed by T, S and DT.

Jun. 5, 2008, 10:12 AM
Verizon (VZ +3.4%) confirms it's buying Alltel for $28.1B -- $5.9B and the assumption of $22.2B in debt. Expects synergies of $9B+.

Jun. 5, 2008, 10:03 AM
CNBC's David Faber says Verizon (VZ -2.1%) is in advanced talks to acquire Alltel for about the $27.5B TPG and Goldman Capital Partners (GS) took it private for last year.

Jun. 4, 2008, 2:50 PM
Verizon (VZ) hopes to start selling its FiOS video service in NYC in about two months. It received a key approval today.

May 27, 2008, 3:36 PM
 
Top Authors|RSS Feeds|Sitemap|About Us|Contact Us
Terms of Use|Privacy|Xignite quote data|© 2017 Seeking Alpha
